Indian Railways — train running very late - It was 22nd of March 2018 I have started my journey from Anand Vihar to KATIHAR by the so called AC super fast special train Arunachal express 02412. Me really very disappointed to see that the situation of Indian railways is getting worse and worse day by day despite change of government. I am writing this complain but not sure whether this would reach to the correct officials or concerned departments. And if it reaches to the concerned department by chance then also any corrective measures would be taken or not. Why always we the people suffer and not the so called ministers and govt. Officers?Our train could not reach the first stoppage, Kanpur in 9 hrs can anyone imagine. Would railways take the responsibility and compenstate all those who are in loss due to the delayed train. Shame on Indian railways and all those who do fake promises
Indian Railways — failed air conditioning in rajdhani first class-As writing this message, 22nd March 2018, time 1030hrs I am on board Train no. 22824 Coach H1, C cabin vide PNR No. [protected], have been repeatedly asking attendant to fix the A/c as it's too warm / hot. The response is pathetic.Can't really believe the standard of Rajdhani First class.Suresh Prabhu ji, let me see what standard we can expect under Modi ji and your words and promises. .Regards / Pruthijit Mohanty
Indian Railways — refund not received for tdr request Dear Sir / Madam, STILL NOT RECEIVED RE-FUND, TDR FILED IN JULY 2017...PLEASE LOOK INTO THE MATTER I Have Filed A TDR For Re-fund Against PNR Number [protected], Since this Train was Late More Than 3 hrs. Now on the Same Evening, Tickets Was Available in Duronto Express, Train No. 12294, ( ticket attached for your Ref (Proof I Have Submitted to Western Railway ). )So at 17:00 Hrs., I Booked ticket in this train, PNR Number [protected]...So Passenger Travelled by this Train.Now Western Railway is Saying that, As per Chart, Passenger has travelled by PNR Number [protected]...for which i have filed TDR So Just Explain me, How Can The Same Passenger Travel by 02 trains IN The Same Evening ??? IRCTC & WESTERN RAILWAY, PLEASE Explain me Or Re-fund me My Money Back. Regards, Akash Jaishwal
Indian Railways — your ticket checker master tc / doing own business to earn money with the help to paytm payment mode @ pune station - Hi team, Hi am shivaji kshirsagar here from kasarwadi pune location from last 3 years i am travelling by local train from kasarwadi to pune (Up / down) due to official/jobs concern, My mistake, :- “ last 2 months before i withdraw local pass for 3months which was got expire hence am failed to gives / renew it, hence today i got catch / checked by your ticket checker master at pune station at plat form no 1, hence is here my mistake which i had accepted here hence got ready to the next formalities, Your ticket checker master tc doing own business to earn money with the help to paytm payment mode @ pune station/junction Interaction / issue happen with me while formalities, “your ticket checker master has going to earn money by different way which is unexpected, the tc has informed me 270/- fine for without ticket travelling hence i had simply inform right now i don’t have cash if you want will get back to you with cash, is there number of atm’s available at station he not agreed hence against i ask, if railway has started paytm then will get ready to get transfer on registered number which will provided by railway, but tc not able to agree or listen any so i ask what is option now i have office i need to go get release me on time in need to report on time, if have formalities then pls.. Go ahead”. “there was 2 pa/tc 1 senior & one of leady tc there is office counter hence inform me wait till 4 pm will need to complete from railway court, which is unexpected / unwanted while ready to submit fine on time then inform till wait 4 pm.” “then 1 of tc inform if you want release on time then get money transferred on other paytm private number with 30 res extra changers’ or commition need to paid due to no cash, is means need to pay or transfer amount 30 commition inhered 270/- fine total 300/- which was communication done or inform me your ticket checker master tc at pune station.”  Now you guys can you revert me with resolution, what is can you explain me what is course of action if any catch without ticket while travelling by train local & what action you have going to taken against ticket checker master tc at pune station,  If you want interaction/pls.. Find along details with pfa, also require my visit then call & discuss will available any time, but i want to clear resolution.
Indian Railways — transition failed but amount debited - I have booked my tkt from gwalior to svdk and my transaction done twice for a single tkt. Plz refund my money. First transaction so me that the transaction is not completed that is an error occurred plz try again. So i tried another time but this time same problem face them after few times l got a msg from bank that is your account is debited 460rs and then i got another msg that is account is debited rs460. So total my acct debite rs920. Plz help to refund my money
Indian Railways — theft of smartphone  - Hello, i am a resident of ranchi, jharkhand. Along with my 4 family members boarded the train with following details : Pnr-[protected] Trn:15661 Dt:[protected] Frm rnc to hsa. Before we arrived our destination around 5.30 pm on morning i found that my mobile was stolen from the charge point by some unknown person between 5.30 to 6 am. Helpless i tried to search all over but coulnt recover my phone. Plz help as it has got sensitive and business details and very important data. My details: Phone model:vivo v3, rosegold in colour with black back cover.
Indian Railways — my parcel booked yesterday but not loaded yet  - Sir My prr no: [protected], parcel was booked yesterday morning at 11:30 am only from kota junction for patna junction. Since then more than 3 trains crossed kota junction for patna junction but still my luggage is not loaded. There are three package parcel. The parcel has my necessary items. I even made the complain but my complaint status is also pending. Isn't there any place where we can place complain regarding our parcels through railways. These incidents are making railway service more unreliable. So could you please look into the matter and load the luggage in upcoming train from kota to patna. 
Indian Railways — theft of items  - I am travelling from jodhpur to delhi in mandor express on 19 mar 2018. My bogi no is s-8.. When train is entering in delhi cantt that time some body stollen my bag.. I kept many important documents in beg and also 50 gm gold jewellery items.. My pan card, canteen card, debit card credit card service licience also in beg. After that i am aproching to tte but dont give any responce..
Indian Railways — theft of belongings  - My name is dr. Asoke kr. Chanda and i was travelling to sealdah by uttar banga express on 18th march, 2018. My pnr no. Was [protected] and i was travelling in ac 2 tier. When i reached home i realised that my gold chain and titan watch have been stolen in the train which i had kept in my handbag, since then i am feeling very depressed. I just cannot understand how this can happen and i truly feel that the indian railways should look into the matter in order to put a check to such occurrences. 
Indian Railways — wrong sms of cancellation of train  - Dear sir,  I had booked a confirmed ticket from tata nagar to bhubaneswar on 16.3.2018 in rajdhani express (22824) my pnr no. Was [protected]. On 16.3.2018 at 6.42 i received the following sms from vk-irsmsa train no.22824 has been cancelled due to unavoidable circumstances. Inconvenience caused to passengers is deeply regretted. After receiving the sms i did not go to station. But to my utter surprise i found that there was no cancellation of said train and the said train had come and left tata nagar and reached bhuhbaneswar. This wrong sms had put me into serious mental agony and inconvenience to come to bhubaneswar my native place. Hence i request you to take necessary steps against the concerned agency and full refund of my ticket amount immediately. Sincerely Jpdas
Indian Railways — charged extra for not taking platform ticket  - Sir, i am suraj kumar tiwari went to drop my brother at krishnarajpuram railway station on[protected], as train was almost arrived to the station i didn't take the platform ticket, later when t. C (Ticket collector) checked the ticket, i didnt had the ticket so i said i came to drop my brother what ever is the charge i m ready to pay, so he asked rs-1020 when i asked how it is so much then he said to pay rs 520 and he charged me then rs 520 for not taking the platform ticket. I have the bill for rs 520. I am attaching to this. Please take the further action. I will be waiting for your reply. Thank you
Indian Railways — train missing due to plate form change at eleventh hour.  - Today we were waiting for aug kr raj exp (12953) at vapi station on pf no.-01 as per announcement as well as digital display board in front my b11 coach. But train arrived at arrival time 19:00 hrs at plate form no-3 instead of plate form no-1. With out any pre announcement. When train arrived at pf no-3 we rushed to catch the train by lift as my 73 years old mother was on wheel chair but we missed our tarin. When we asked to station master mr. Rp sharma at vapi railway station, he was saying that due to some problem all of sudden pf was change. Further on asking he has replied that now we can not do anything. Hence we have lodge complaint in complaint book available at vapi station and complaint no. Is 30 dated 18/03/2018. Pnr no, -[protected] 3rd ac Train no-12953 Boarding station vapi while 02 nos. Ticket was booked from bombay central. Date of journey 18/03/2018 Now requested to refund full payment. My mail id sksinghxp@yahoo.co.in
Indian Railways — indian railways illegal entry in govt. service by producing false physical fitness certificates for the post of asst. loco pilot  - To The general manager (Vig.) East coast railway,  Bhubaneswar. Respected sir,  Sub: illegal entry in govt. Service by producing false physical fitness certificates for  The post of asst. Loco pilot by namala sanyasi rao, provident fund no:  Npsigo70425 – request for enquiry to take necessary action– regarding. Ref: 1) copy of 1st fir no.493/2015, dated 19.11.2015. 2) copy of 2nd fir no.104/2016, dated 15.04.2016. 3) copy of telangana state forensic science laboratories, red hills report vide f.  No. Doc/537/2016, dated 04.02.2017. 4) copy of central vigilance commission reply vide letter no.724 92/2017/  Vigilance-1, dated 31.05.2017. 5) copy of cbi forwarding letter no. Dpvis2016/5838/l-1/ce 646/16/cbi/vsp 6) copy of government of india, ministry of personnel, pg and pensions,  Department of personal and training reply letter vide no.245/47/2017-avd-ii. 7) copy of charge sheet filed in iiird metropolitan magistrate court,  Visakhapatnam vide c. C. No.196/2017, dated 03.04.2017..………. Please find enclosed my letter dated 20.11.2017 through ecrly/r/ 2017/80184 and your reply vide letter no. Wpe/22/rti/hq.343/17, dated 20.11.2017 with regard to action taken against namala sanyasi rao (Provident fund no. Npsigo70425) recruited as assistant loco pilot with false medical certificate of physical fitness and later on became junior clerk and presently working in east coast railway, cao (Con), waltair division, visakhapatnam. Namala sanyasi rao having tendency of criminal conspiracy with much greed indulged in forgery and encroachment of land for constructing multi storey building situated at bhavani gardens, old iti junction, visakhapatnam resulting 2 firs filed by the vth town police station of visakhapatnam vide nos.493/2015, dated 19.11.2015 & 104/2016, dated 15.04.2016 under sections 417, 420, 468, 471 r/w. 34 ipc.in order to avoid arrest namala sanyasi rao had obtained 2 anticipatory bails from iv addl. District & sessions judge, visakhapatnam vide crl. M. P. 2510/2015, dated 14.12.2015 & crl. M. P. 1263/2016, dated 27.05.2016 (Copies enclosed).in first fir no.493/2015 forgery of documents have been proved by forensic laboratory, hyderabad and charge sheet filed in iiird metropolitan magistrate court, visakhapatnam vide c. C. No.196/2017, dated 03.04.2017 (Copies enclosed for information). I have received an information from the railway board, new delhi stating that, “gm (Vigilance)/ecor vide his letter no. Ecor/vi/ pers/comp./253/16/397 dtd.[protected] intimated that the allegations made against sri namala sanyasi rao has been investigated by vigilance department of south central railway on the reference made by central vigilance commission. The case has been inquired by vigilance department/ecor/bbs against namala sanyasi rao, junior clerk and based on the report, major penalty charge sheet (Sf-5) has been issued by dy. Cee/con/vskp vide letter no. E/con/nsr/d and a/2017/244 dated 01.11.2017” Because of too much greediness for money namala sanyasi rao had dared to join as asst. Loco pilot as the job is fetching more money than other similar posts despite his disability of having a disease of epilepsy by birth. He worked as asst. Loco pilot for 8 years is nothing but played deadly game with lakhs of commuters travelled by trains.  Contd…. P2 Page no.2 The truth of his dangerous employment had come to knowledge of the family members when police questioned his occupation for filing fir for involving in the above mentioned forgery and criminal conspiracy cases.  The above played deadly game is unwarranted and condemnable by each and every body as the commuters travelled by trains operated by the greedy epilepsy disease person for 8 years is horrible.in this connection, it should be made known to everybody that, such epilepsy disease greedy persons should not occupy very sensitive jobs involving security of public life.  The related information sought under rti act, 2005 dated 20.11.2017 has not been supplied stating that the issue is not related to large public interest. This is the issue is connected with lakhs of commuters travelled by trains for 8 years.  In this connection, you are requested to look into the matter and take necessary action against namala sanyasi rao immediately. Thanking you, sir, Yours faithfully,
Indian Railways — no tt and no help for co-passengers issues on journey.  - Pnr no. :[protected]train no. / name :16592 / hampi exp coach s6.co passenger not allowing to seat and wants to sleep currently. Tt not yet come and there is no help. Half the journey is already over. Calling multiple numbers and sending multiple smses and not even a complaint number shared till 20:43 pm until asked. Poor service. No rules and regulations part of the ticket to educate co-passengers.  Will taking it up further to take action against harassment, no tt presence on duty. 
Indian Railways — routine delays and missing of connecting trains  - As in routine happened with me and thousands of other customers daily,  Train number 12505 north east express is stoped at shikohabad jn without any reason this train has no halt for this station, but it stopped here for an hour so many other trains crossed it from both sides, even pessenger trains crossed it from behind. Such a harrasinng service of indian railways, irresponsible, no punctuality,  Nobody to answer in indian railways,  It should be privitised as early as possible,  Today i missed my connecting train from delhi, last time i missed my flight from kolkata as kolkata rajdhani from delhi to kolkata was delayed. Such a bad experience i always felt every time i trevel. Indian should pay back for delays and missed connecting trains and flights. Today my pnr no is [protected] And pnr no. Of connecting train is [protected]. Last time while i missed flight from kolkata My pnr no. Was [protected]. Who should pay for my loss.
Indian Railways — regarding waiting ticket refund  - Dear sir i had booked my ticket on2nd january2018 from anand vihar to raebareli for journey on 3rdjanuary2018 having pnr [protected] but my ticket was auto cancelled as it was not get confirmed and yet my amount is not refunded. On 13th january i had complained to irctc concerned department (Ticket id[protected] from that time i had reminded them several times but concerned department did not solve my problem and they also disconnect my call without giving any genuine reasons. Sir i want my money back kindly solve my problem. 
Indian Railways — less refund  - Dear Sir,  I have boocked online ticket in Train No 14322  Date of jurny 03/03/2018, But train was about 14 hrs late & Re-Schedule for 04/03/2018. So I have cancelled my ticket after Re-Schedule confermation but I have not get full amount of my ticket as per rule. I get only Rs 650 out of 1321. Please do needfull. Train No-14322 PNR-[protected] Date of jurny-03/03/2018 Thanks AANYA SINGH
Indian Railways — cancellation of ticket amount not creditted to my account reg.. - Dear sir, I have cancelled my train ticket wide pnr no[protected] on 11th september 2017.Old ticket no : 38706866. Train no - 12434.Journey date 3rd november 2017. From: h. Nizamudin to chennai central. Class of travel - 3 acAlmost more than six months over and the cancelled ticket refund amount of rs.4460/.. Has not been credited to my account till today.As per irctc refund rules the cancelled ticket refund amount should be credited to my account with in 7 days.Both itctc as well as sbi foot balling me between them with out any result.Hence i request you to do the needful in credit the refund amount .I have already sent a mail to posrefund@irctc.co.in twice and there is no response from them till now.Please do the needful.Regards, R. S. Venugopal.
Indian Railways — we journey start 14march 2018 still now without checking - We start our journey[protected] at 8:35pm from howrah to kjm by 12863 no train two adults passenger and one 5 years old + passengers (Present) total 3 confirmed our ticket rac on seat side lower, + 1 passengers unknown, and without reservation passengers, Still now any verification, No safety as per reservation journey, No facilities Without any facilities journey And more important there are maximum present, For some help visit s14, s13, & s12But result 0
Indian Railways — against ticket operator mr satendra kumar-borivali west - When i visited for ticket counter at borivali at 8:55 for asking ticket to virar return by giving rs100/- mr satendra kumar ticket operator told me that he had no chain of rs 100/- and afterward the person behind me asked for gharkopar return by giving 100/- rs mr satendra kumar ticket operator gave him chain of 100/- to him. Please look into the matter seriously as i have complaint about him that he told false to customer when he have chain of rs 100/- and rejected to gave us.
Indian Railways — train running late 07439 - Date of Journey :[protected] Number : [protected] I am travelling in tatanagar to kachiguda express(07439) which is running late by almost 3 hours. Deeply, it is kind of disappointment from railways not maintain proper timetable. We need accountability for this and it is a matter of concern on credibility.Remember, we don't want to waste our time and money. Desirable solution is to arrange the train traffic with buffer lines and refunding of certain amount as compensatory
Indian Railways — wrong seat /berth for senior citizens - My trainno:12472/swaraj express Pnr no:[protected] My senior citizens age is 80 year. Seat/berth is allotted side upper. Current status : cnf/s4/48/side upper. How is it possible to allot side upper seat for senior citizens in indian railways irctc e-ticketing service. So please change my senior citizens seat lower berth in s4 /63/lower or s4/66/lower berth.Thanks ®ards  Vivek pratap singh  Mobile no :[protected]
Indian Railways — passengee train delay from dumka to rampurhat - Hi, Only one passenger train is available from dumka to rampurhat and this train is always running late by 30-40mins. Due to which we miss the train from rampurhat to howrah. Passengers are in trouble as there only two train between this time interval.. Last train is at 05:10pm. After 3-4hrs there may be some trains which reaches howrah at night. This is very disgusting. Please maintain the timing so that we can get some benefit of this. Thanks!
Indian Railways — drunkard & indecent behaviour parking contractor, begumpetpt.1, secunderabad - Vehcle parking contractor begumet pt.1, secbad is most notorious, drunkard. Everyday at evining he gets drunk. Few complaints has already been lodged against him earlies also. On[protected] contractor was in inhabitated condition along with strret women in an ugly seen whic cannit be seen. Sir vehicle are parked by employees including women to go for work. Such dangerous and inscurity contractor is a serious treat for vehicle parkers especially women. Bow request you to taken stern action the contractor
Indian Railways — missing person - Mr. Mansoor ali khan is missing from 14/03/2018 2:30 am from the train he was travelling in train no: 22433 gct anvt sf express. The relatives travelling with him had track of him till 2:00 am after that they fell asleep and woke up at 2:30 since then the person is missing. The train reached allahbad at 1:18 am and the next stop is reached was kanpur at 3:48 am, between that he got missing The missing person is elderly person with white long beard and his one eye is damaged If any one finds the person please contact to the following: Mobile number: [protected], [protected] Email: shdblikhn@gmail.com
Indian Railways — thane new outside bridge which connected to all platform - Hi team, The bridge which has started since 3months is not safe for women's. Thane bridge which is paraller to lake. People are pissing at entrance of the bridge which the whole road is stinking, few are sleeping on that, no police around there, no security, no camera as well... And iron sheets which covers the bridge also very scary to walk due to these people. I personally face an issue there at afternoon 2pm. 3 unknown persons were tried to scared me... They said... Chal uthate he isko... That time no one was around me to help. : (
Indian Railways — less pension & diff. of commutation after passing of 15 years, no diff. is recd. - Sir, i m a widower of retired pensioner from nr-moradabad div. After the instruction of railway board letter, nr-moradabad div. Had issued a ppo on 20/04/17 but since the deposition of copy of revised ppo in bank. Our bankers says no difference is pending of your account. My father got commuted pension in 1996 & after 15 years i. E. 2011 a sum of rs. 1597/- is to be added in basic. & prepare a sheet for the difference but bank always says no difference is outstanding in your account. Kindly intervene in this matter & get due-draw statement & help in processing the payment.Urmila mittal Manoj mittal [protected], [protected] Manojmittal63@gmail.com
Indian Railways — charging not working - Sir i m trevelling in seemanchal express ndls to lko I m facing the charging issue. I am in s3 coach and berth no 2&3 Please fix it as soon as possible... And it is request to u please check all the charging socket time to time... So passenger do not face that kind of problem... I know my problem can not resolve this time but hope some one else will not face the same problem... Please maintain the technical issue time to time Thank you
Indian Railways — occupied reserved seat - Hi team, i have booked the train to travel from mysore to bangalore. 2 strangers occupied our reserved seat and they are not vacating it. Below are the ticket details. Pnr:[protected], trn:16217, doj:12-03-18, sl, mys-sbc, dp:05:10,  Paunraj s+1, s8 60, s8 63,  Fare:260. This rail travel is insured.  Note: My wife who is travelling with is pregnant. Felt unsafe travel in train even though i have done the reservation. No tte came to check ticket so far
Indian Railways — bed bug in 2ac coach. train number - 11049, seat number - 43 - Train:11049, doj:12-03-18, 2a, nvs-pune, dep:00:15, a1 43Kohlapur express - boarding point navsari. Drop location - pune. I am travelling from navsari, gujarat to pune and i can see number of bed bugs on my seat because of which i am unable to sleep. Moreover, finding such things in 2ac is dissapointing as we are paying a high amount to get a better service. Please take some strict action on this.
Indian Railways — giving priority a local train over a long distance train - Sir,  With regard to above-mentioned subject, i would like to submit that today train no. 19270 was delayed and a local short distance train no. 55213 was given priority. Mfp - pbr exp was halted at several places as the said local train was running ahead. Even at junction the express train was not allowed to pass.  It is requested to train the staff to use their brain judiciously as the express train takes 56 hours to reach its destination while its just a matter of 4 hours for local train. Pls look into the matter and place more efficient staff to improve the present standards of indian railways. Thanking you,
Indian Railways — hectic journey for excessive noise from ac coach - I am travelling with 4person including 2yrs child to njp from sdh through 12377up padatik express by premium tatkal ticket which coast 2500/- apx per person in b5 compartment{59, 61, 62, 63}pnr no [protected] we r facing tarific sound problem from ac vent and celling surface which cannot be tollarable time of sitting or sleeping, my baby feeling illness due to not sleeping, i called attendant and tte for solving problem but they it cannot be repairable not it's work shop problem, then i lodge a complaint. Comp no is 647304. I want real action, and against railway and compensation for spoil my journey.
Indian Railways — sr. citizen not alotted proper bearth. - I booked yesterday (I. E. 09/03/2018) 6 tickets from howrah to chandigarh by 12311 delhi kalka mail under pnr[protected] of which d. O. J is 07/07/2018. Out of these, 3 are sr. Citizen who were my parents and closed relative. Although the availability of bearth was 46, only one was alotted for sr. Citizen. Moreover 2 are alotted in seperate coach. The booking staff was not able to set right the position even it was 120 days esrlier. Kindly explain and alott lower or middle bearth in same coach for sr. Citizen that we should not be harrassed during the long journey period.Ayananta sarkar Pnr no.[protected] Date of journey - 07/07/2018 Mobile no : +91 [protected]
Indian Railways — non availability of electricity on railway station - I think we are totally highly charging by indian railways for tickets for their worst services today i'm standing on platform no.2 of dhampur railway staion which is located in between moradabad station and laksar station in up state no elecricity is available at dhampur station on platform no.2 and also on platform no.1 only 4, 5 lights are on and this is not suites for paltform it requires a good electicity lightining system, but rest of all this is highly unfair as per ticket charged to us, now the time is 2101hrs and date is 9 mar 18 and also trains are late as usual today i'm going to jalandhar city station from dhampur i'm waiting from past 4 hrs but one train is late by 0458 hrs and another one is late by 0339 hrs totally worst service providing by indian railways as per they charged us for railway tickets all picx of complaining status as a proof i'm sending with this complaint
Indian Railways — fraud in berth allotment - Dear sir, i have booked ticket from alwar to ahmedabad for my parents in senior citizen quote. Journey date is[protected]. Although seats are available in senior citizen quote railway allotted rac seats. Kindly explain and allot berth for parents.Find details. Pnr no-[protected] Train no-12916 Doj:09-mar-2018 Mobile no: [protected] [protected]
Indian Railways — jammu rajdhani delay for 4 hr 40 min - I had booked a train ticket from pathankot cantt to new delhi in jammu rajdhani and the journey date was 7 march 2018 whose arrival time at new delhi is 5:00 am. Pnr [protected] It got delayed for 4 hr 40 min which resulted in missing another train from nizamuddin. (Ktk samparkranti) nzm to hyd journey date march 8, 2018. I have already filed a tdr for the 2a ticket. Please provide refund for this ticket as rajdhani got delayed for almost 5 hours due to which i missed my next train to hyd
Indian Railways — lower birth not allotted to sr. citizen - I booked ticket for my mother aged 87 and self on 9th march at 00:40 hrs in train no 12227 pnr [protected] and we got birth numbers 54 and 56 (Both upper births). Strange that i have selected the option of sr. Citizen birth quota where seats were showing available. Date of journey is 10th march. Please get the seats revised and send the sms immidiately
Indian Railways — train 22653 delayed by 11 hrs - I booked the tatkal ticket for train no.22653 on friday 3rd march 2018 hoping to reach mumbai early morning. I got the message on the same day mentioning train is running late and will leave source station 2 hrs late. The actual time of train at mangalore junction was.12.05pm but the train reached mangalore junction at 7.30pm and left at 8pm. Train timing for vasai was at 4.30am next day but the train reached at 3pm afternoon with a delay of almost 11 hrs. Pathetic train as it halted at most of the station for passing inspite of being late.This train charges fees for superfast which is not accepted as train is not at all superfast.Request you to investigate and help traveller so that they dont suffer such way.Regards, Preetham bangera
Indian Railways — lower birth not allotted to sr. citizen - I booked ticket for my mother aged 87 and self on 9th march at 00:40 hrs in train no 12227 pnr [protected] and we got birth numbers 54 and 56 (Both upper births). Strange that i have selected the option of sr. Citizen birth quota where seats were showing available. Date of journey is 10th march. Please get the seats revised and send the sms immidiately
Indian Railways — train 22653 delayed by 11 hrs - I booked the tatkal ticket for train no.22653 on friday 3rd march 2018 hoping to reach mumbai early morning. I got the message on the same day mentioning train is running late and will leave source station 2 hrs late. The actual time of train at mangalore junction was.12.05pm but the train reached mangalore junction at 7.30pm and left at 8pm. Train timing for vasai was at 4.30am next day but the train reached at 3pm afternoon with a delay of almost 11 hrs. Pathetic train as it halted at most of the station for passing inspite of being late. This train charges fees for superfast which is not accepted as train is not at all superfast. Request you to investigate and help traveller so that they dont suffer such way. Regards, Preetham bangera
Indian Railways — reservation payment not received - Sir, maine railway counter se 8 march 2018 ko durg to visakhapatnam ka both side ticket book kiya. One side ka payment 1220/- maine debit card se kiya. But return ka payment clerk ne galti se 1520/- le liye aur mere account se 1520/- debit ho gaye. Fir usne ek baar aur mujhse 1220/- return ticket ke liye. Unse puchne par unhone kaha ki usne pahle wala payment cancle kar diya. But mere account se 1520/- debit ho gaye aur wapas nahi aaya. Aapse anurodh hai ki meri problem jald se jald solve karen. 
Indian Railways — train no.12262 food and hygiene to improve - My experience and suggestions during travel on 07th march in train 12262 coach b2 seat 28 is as follws. 1. Toilets converted from bio to normal though stickers shows no change. 2. Toilet hygiene is extremely poor will cause health issue. 3. To use bio toilet, passangers need to be educated and cleaning staff vigilance required. 4. Food quality deteriorated, suggested variety food menu online to choose menu during booking. 5. Caterer staff should be trained to not beg for tips and should not compromise giving quality services. 6. Inspection team to be deputed to monitor qualily and hygiene.
Indian Railway — late arrival - I had booked a ticket (Pnr no.[protected]/hwh to ghty) through irctc on[protected] in the premium tatkal quota for journey on[protected] in the train no.15959/kamrup exp to reach dimapur by 10pm/[protected] as i already had a confirmed ticket for journey from guwahati to dimapur in the same train. Ticket costs rs.1265 which is approx 3 times of the general fare. But the train arrived dimapur in late (More than three hrs delay) at around 0105hrs on[protected]. I should be reimbursed the pt charges for late arrival of the train
Indian Railways — not allowed to book tdr for train delayed more than 4 hours. pnr # 8102080219 - We supposed to travel the train # 12879 on 07-feb-2018, pnr # [protected], from jharsuguda to bhubaneswar. We had a flight from bhubaneswar to bangalore on 08-feb-2018, 10.30 a. M. For medical reasons. When we checked the train timing before boarding, it was running 4 hours late and we could not cancel the ticket as it was booked on tatkal quota. We did not board the train. We had to traveled by bus and could not board the train. Today when i tried to book for tdr, i could not book online.  Please support me file a tdr and refund my booking amount as we could not travel due to train delayed for 4 hours. In case of delayed train more than 3 hours, how passenger will get to know before departure.in this case it is totally indian railway's fault and i am not allowed to book tdr. Due to indian rail's delayed service i lost more than rs. 3000 and had to arrange new transportation for me and my parents and it was for my father's medical case. Who is responsible for our inconvenience.
Indian Railways — senior citizen allotted upper berth - I had booked 3 ac iii tier tickets in ndls sealdah rajdhani journey date being 15/03/2018. Although i opted for a lower berth but was allotted an upper berth instead. My wife of 55 years was also allotted a upper berth. Actually no lower berth was allotted although there were 128 vacant berth at that moment.I have already complained in this matter and hope that this complain will also go the same way.
Indian Railways — non availability of tte and not clearing waitlist - I am travelling in train no. 12140 sevagram express from jalgaon to vhusawal on 8th of march 2016 at 4.20 pm. My pnr no is [protected]. Out of my 4 seat 2 seats are confirmed but remaining 2 seats is wait list. No any tte visited my seat and not cleared the wait list seat. But on the other side non reserved people are sleeping on births and reserved people's are standing. Many people are travelling without ticket who are not supposed to board on train. I am having reservation but in-spite of it i am not able to get my berth due to sleeping of non reserved people on the births in the train. I searched for tte who can help me but in-spite of being on his duty he was not present near by the train so as he can solve my and other passenger's problem. Then i approached towards ac bogie which was 5 compartments behind it. There i contacted ac - tte whom i told about my problem, but he irresponsibly answered me to get back to my coach where i'll find sleeper coach tte who was not present there on his duty.in this mixed confusion and running suddenly the train whistle blowed and the train went away i catch the running train due to such irresponsibility of tte who are supposed to help passengers but they didn't, who allowed people without ticket to board on train. Because of this only, i mentally and physically hardened  Pnr no. : [protected] (12140 sevagram express) Note:  (1) my complaint is that if any tte was on duty on coach no. S-3 then where was he? (2) if railway didn't appointed any tte in that particular coach then it was railways mistake due to which many passengers suffered. (3) in these circumstances when i reached ac-tte his attitude was not good towards the fellow passengers he was irresponsible which didn't suited any public servant's behaviour. Lost which i have suffered due to this irresponsibility of railways: Moreover i get physical and mental harrsment Therefore, i request you to refund my above amount and please take appropriate action against the tte whose absence resulted in this, so as no more people need to suffer this type of mental stress in further future Vishal nemade Mob. [protected] 
Indian Railways — partial receipt of booked packages and fear of lost packages - Sir,  We would like to bring to your notice our plight at nizamuddin parcel office, apathy of the staff, consequent callousness and hardship caused to us. We have booked two packages [prr no: [protected] and [protected]], each containing 8 items from visakhapatnam to nizamuddin on 2/3/2018. These packages contained wooden cot parts for furniture. Messages were sent after booking of these packages. However, later no communication was made to us regarding loading or unloading of these packages. Anxious to know the status, we reached the parcel office on 7th march 2018 at 11:00 am to enquire. Then the drama unfolded, we were made to run a marathon from one platform to another and godown and so on. Nearly after 3 hours, some items (7 out of 16 pieces from 2 packages) were found. With respect to the remaining, we were told to contact visakhapatnam parcel office where the booking was done. We could not do that immediately. We sought a remedy to our travails from the unrelenting staff [sh s. D. Meena/cpsr, sh ganga ram/ delivery clerk and 6th no. Platform parcel clerk] who were merciless.  Out of despair we approached the station director who directed sh. Sd meena, cpsr to release the received items (7 in no.) after duly filling in the unloading status in computer. The same was done after further 2:30hrs delay lasting till evening (5:30 or 5:45 pm). We also complained about the attitude of the delivery clerk (Sh. Ganga ram) to the cpsr in writing to let him know of our hardship. Notwithstanding these events, our packages haven’t been completely delivered yet. Therefore, we would request you let us know the shipping status of the remaining 9 items and also direct concerned staff to trace those packages and deliver to us. Thanking you
Indian Railways — miss behave of reservation counter staff mrs. poonam singh domingarh gorakhpur - Mrs. Poonam singh chief reservation counter domingarh gorakhpur always doing miss behave with cancer patient she always allot upper and middle birth and last seat like 61 and 62 and always asking for many i d proof hospital proof etc etc it is very painful for a cancer patient her voice is too much loud this not a behave of a senior staff. Just do needful in this reference.
Indian Railways — irctc website - Unable to verify adhar card for passenger while booking seats through IRCTC portal. See attached screen shots. Please call me.[protected] or email me at anil.Jacob@ibsplc.com I have emailed to care@irctc.co.in several times. But got no reply. I tries calling many phone numbers of IRCTC help desk and other places. But no body gives help or most of the phones are wrong numbers.
Indian Railways — misbehavior and misleading by tte - The train gangakaveri express (Train no.12670) was delayed by 3 hours from its actual time of 10.40 am at jabalpur station on 13.02.2018. When i entered in the coach ha1 and approached my berths a/1 & a/3, it was pre-occupied by passengers. However, i searched for tte/in charge and met tte-mr. Mohammed shabbir whose name plate was missing, further afterwards he asked me my pnr no. And he scrolled the reservation chart and said only one seat is reserved in the name of mrs. Varsha kharpate (My wife). Afterwards he miss guided us and took us to b5 coach (Iiird ac) and offered us two lower berths. When i repeatedly asked him that sir the tickets are of 1st ac why you have allotted us b5 (Iii rd ac) then in an arrogant manner he replied to me that you have iiird class tickets and humiliated me in front of all passengers. Further, after repeated and polite request of mine he took us to our allotted seats in coach ha1 (1st ac) and said to the passengers who were seating on our berth to vacate the seats. The tte behaved like he is the owner of indian railways, mis-guided us and has very low knowledge of reservation chart. Meanwhile, in the whole process we have to search him again and again along with luggage in my hand. Further, i am a heart patient and had undergone cabg (Bypass) surgery and knee surgery, also my wife is bp patient. Suppose in this whole process of exertion and miss-treatment if something would have happened to us who would be held responsible?. Please compensate us and take necessary action on the concerned officer (Mr. Mohammed shabbir) at earliest. Please take immediate action in this regard otherwise only one option would be left with me to go to consumer forum for trouble and lack of service Further, i had filed a complaint against this case in railway’s coms (Complaint no.-w/ne/bsb/[protected] portal on 13.02.2018 and last time when i checked the complaint status it was written that the complaint is closed and further reply will be given on my address but it’s been 13 days we have not received the decision copy. I have also sent a letter to sr. Dcm, jabalpur on 24.02.2018 stating that i have not received the decision copy since the final decision was taken by him in complaint. My son also tweeted regarding the same to you on 23.02.2018 at 5.24 pm.
Indian Railways — i lost my back-bag with my tc certificate and my phone today in rameswaram exp. - Sir, my name is raja pandi. I was travelled monday (05/03/18) night (9.45pm to 7.00am) train of rameswaram exp., (Rain no.16102) To mambalam station (Chennai) in unreserved coach. And someone stole my back-bag when i was sleep. I surely know, i keep my bag till when arrived pudukkottai, so i hope someone stole my bag into pudukkottai station to trichy station. I put my tc certificate, phone, golden daller, 700 rupees money and my aadhar voter id card details..  Pls i kindly request to you for help me.. Thanking you. My phone no. [protected]
Indian Railways — train did not halt not even one minute to board the train - The train number 12722 which was started on 04-mar-2018, didn't halt at station named bellampalli (Bpa) properly so passengers couldn't even board the train. All the passengers who were about to board in bellampalli station couldn't step in train mostly at last compartments. The train was not halted not even per minute as per the guidance. Is there anyway to take action on this incident and how can we refund the money?
Indian Railways — punctuality of train 01663 - Date[protected], train 01663 scheduled arrival time at pune was 10:45 am but it got delayed by almost 4 hours and arrived pune station at around 2:40 pm. Also whole train was vacant while during booking the tickets it was showing waiting list. And now this train is running 8 hours late, this is really disappointing. Train is standing at outer areas unnecessarily where we can not even have dinner as there is nothing outside. All other trains which were scheduled after 7 hours of this train have been crossed but this train is still standing unnecessarily. This is really pathetic. Please refund our amount as this is the wastage or our money and time. Also we are not gonna book this train again.  Please take action and refund the amount
Indian Railways — railways producing too much plastic waste from water bottles - Hello sir/madam, In the several premier trains like shatabdi, rajdhani express etc.. For every passenger 1 litre water is provided in a plastic bottle as a compliment during travel. This produces 1000s of plastic bottle waste everyday. The railways, should stop providing water bottles to passengers and encourage the passengers to bring their own water bottles.  Railways, can provide clean water dispensed from huge cans in the train compartments. As passengers carry water in other trains, they can bring their own water and use in the journey.  Plastic generated daily from railways, does not go well with the swach bharath campaign that is being done all over india. If we calculate the amount of plastic bottles generated every year as waste from railways, it goes to millions.. Please stop providing water is use and throw water bottles. Thanks,  Thenmozhi arunan
Indian Railways — tc indecent behavior - Sir we are traveling in vishakhapatnam to narasapuram train 57265, night 8.05mins in that train tc was behaving like rude and using indescent words on passengers... Pls kindly action on him... Our pnr status is changed to rac, tc will sell the seats to who are traveled with general ticket in reservation bhogi.. We are asking for canceled seats but he is using some volgure language what we are doing here in this train.. We are very helpless and see what he is doing here...
Indian Railways — product loaded but not delivered till date - We have booked 5 pvc bags of fire personnel uniform from baroda to bina vide prr no.[protected]A8950812) dated 23.2.18 for the use of our fire personnel working at site. The parcel was loaded on 23.2.18 from baroda in train number 19165, however till date the parcel is not delivered at bina. The parcel containing firemen uniform is of urgent nature and for the use of fire personnel working at bharat omar refineries ltd, bina. You are requested to look into the matter and do the needful for the immediately delivery of the said parcel at bina without further delay. The above said prr receipt and the online status as on date is attached herewith for your ready reference.
Indian Railways — disabled certificate - no information since more than 3 months - Hi, To get disabled certificate which is useful to book train tickets from irctc.co.in from handicapped quota, i have submitted 3 sets of photo copies of all required documents @ samalkot railway station on 24-nov-2017. They confirmed, i will get an sms to my mobile number ([protected]) within 3 months, then i have to contact vijayawada railway station to get an unique id to book online handicapped tickets. But no information, please help me. My name : srivenkatasrinivasreddy nallamilli Aadhaar no:[protected]  Id no. Of person with disability[protected] Thank you
Indian Railways — steel box not delivered - I have booked a steel trunk on 20-feb-18 at parcel office chandigarh to yesvantpur jn. Till date i haven't received it. Also i am not able to track it from any way. As a defence personnel it is not possible for me to make querry daily at parcel counter office yesvantpur jn.  It is my humble request to do needful. The steel box carrying household items, without these i am facing many difficulties. Receipt no. M - 071663 dated 20-feb-18. Ypr. P-01
 Today i starred travel from matunga road station. I told to ticket booker please give me ticket for boriwali via dadar and he given matunga road to mira road suddenly local came to the station and i did not checked ticket, in train tt cheked my ticket and told that is not genuine ticket give money than i denied. I showed my ticket and requested to ticket checker please see i paid full money than why i will pay fine than suddenly 2nd ticket cheker came and started telling double meaning words in front of my wife, this is reputational loss for me. I want compensation for this and take appropriate action against ticket cheker.He used unethical language in front of my wife and this things i canot tolerate.I hope u will take serious step against this issue.Even they was not bothered about complain, nobody can do anything about them.Even they threatend about for 3 days jail.   
 From: cs p. K. Krishnamurthy Date: fri, feb 23, 2018 at 4:17 pmSubject: change of details in profileTo: care@irctc.co.inDear sir, I would like to bring to your kind notice of the changes i have been trying to make in my profile in the irctc site but could not do it successfully. I tried the help desk nos but in vain for the past three days. Hence, i decided to putforth my problem in writing as below"-1. Alteration in spelling in my name and also addition of middle name required as below:Existing: pazhyanur krishnamurthy.To be corrected as: pazhayanur krishnan krishnamurthy;Pan: abhpk1408lAadhaar no:[protected].Gst registration n: 32abhpk1408l1zwEmail id: existing: pkkmurthy9@eth.netTo be corrected as: pkkmurthy09@gmail.comHope you will arrange for correction of the same.Regards, Cs. P. K. Krishnamurthy, f. C. S., Partner, Jkm associates, Company secretaries, 28/731, k. P. Vallon road, kadavanthara, Ernakulam, kochi - 682020.Ph:[protected]/cell: [protected].Email: pkkmurthy09@gmail.com   
 I already raised the complainant, which is showing resolved with any update to us please find the complaint below: indian railways complaint status update [id: 1876629]My sister was travelling from chennai to erode in train no 12679 coimbatore sf intercity express (Mas-cbe) on 23-feb-2018 around 20:00 hrs. She missed her gold chain while washing her face in washing sink. She tired to pull chain but ppl stopped her to do so.Please do needful to find chain back.Compartment number - d2 Chain details - dollar chain with white stone (2.25 sovereign)Location : after sankaridurg station   
 On 25/2/2018 we were travelling from allahabad to guwahati along with three ladies and two of them are senior citizens. Due to my mother who is 78age and has walking problem, we borded at mugalsarai at 01:37 hours (Midnight) instead of allahabad as we have confirmed tickets of rajdhani 12424 (Two tier); because the rajdhani stops for 10minits at mugalsarai instead of 3 minute stoppage at allahabad. Unfortunately we couldn't informed thus the rule of 24 hours earlier but  at mugalsarai station verbally i 've informed to the station manager 4 hours before and he assured that for one station its not an issue. As we entered the train our all seats has been already occupied by other pesengers, when i enquired the matter about our seats with the ttc (Mr. Y. K. Rana) he misbehaved with us, by using unconstitutional languages, moreover he threaten us to thrown out  at the next station by the support of those pesengers whom he has alloted our seats  against bribe (Taken money from those unauthorised passenger without issuing any proper railway receipts). After lot of hurdles ttc later somehow convinced and we have managed to get back our seats. During these period about more than an hour both the senior citizen ladies were somehow managed to sit on other passengers seats. My mother is an arthritis patient and she is depends on wheel chair mostly. This is very shameful and unasspectable such type of behaviour from a duty officer who also was under drunken condition (Mr. Y. K. Rana ttc). Therefore, this is my humble request to kindly take an proper action against the said person so that he learnt a lesson. Else he will be continuing such ill-treating behaviour with future citizens/passengers in his further duties. ThanksAshim b bordoloi, [protected]Mobile)Pnr no [protected]. Seat no :a3/8, 10, 11, 12, 15.   
 I am senior citizen and was to catch train no 12319 from kolkata for farukkabad at 1310pm on 28 feb 2017 with my wife. For that i booked a train 13118 from naihati to kolkata station which was scheduled at 1030am and reaching time at kolkata stn at 1120am. Unfortunately, that 13118 train was too late and i couldn't catch my main train i. E 12319. And i was helpless at this age. I approached to staion master but i couldn't get any help. I didn't get ant refund of ticket money even after not boarded due to of late of 13118 train. I had to managed hard to get that ticket money. Once i am not traveling this train, my seats will be alloted to another by taking money or something, but what about my money for which i had struggled to afford.   
 The waiting rooms in howrah station is too bad. The seats are dirty even in the ac waiting hall. The seats are full of bed bugs. Hardly one can sit for some minutes.Proper cleaning of the seat with pesticides should be done.Many kids and old age people require to sit which is completely impossible in that unhygienic area.Please pay heed to the concern as howrah is a large station and too much in demand for people travelling to different places.   
 The train kriya yoga express (18615) has been delayed more than 10-12 times as i made my journey since july 2017 to feb 2018. One of my friend had her competitive exam scheduled which he failed to give due to the train delay and nobody paid the charges he had to bear.My relative was travelling carrying his 6 year child suffering from heart ailment had to wait much long for the train which arrived post midnight.People usually take this train to reach early in the morning to pay heed to their important activities.This has been overwhelming as a lot of inconvenience is caused due to such late hours of delay.   
 I am jay shankar tiwary, l was traveling by train form mys - bsb on 27/02/18 and l lost my brown colour trolley bag in the train at satna station. The bag contains use clothes.Train detailTrain number-16229Train name - mys-bsb Boogie-b2Birth no-16Contact detailsJay shankar tiwary Vill +post - bariswanPs-sashpurDist-bhojpurState - biharPin-802165Mob no[protected]   
 Hi, We are traveling in a train no: 17625 from kacheguda to repalle on feb 28th, 2018. We have rac in that train, tc didn't take care about rac people and they sold tickets for the people who don't have reservation.Even guards in that train are supporting to tcs.I tried to take photos while they are collecting money from the people were standing in a queue. Tcs came to my seat with guards and removed the pics which are having proofs for money collection.Please try to resolve these issues.   
 56877. Train not at all punctual. In such case please change the time of departure... It suppose to leave VILLUPURAM by 17:35 hrs. Now the time is 18:25 hrs. Train is still in villupuram. Please dont waste people's time . Because of similar late departure and late arrivals. I missed my connecting train for Trichy in Mayiladuthurai. I know u people's wont think on common mand needs. Still i did my responsibility. I know u people dont know what is responsibility.   
 Today morning at 2:20 am i boarded train no-12312 kalka howarah.Pnr no-[protected], coach B-1RAC-31-P1RAC-31-P2I boarded train from ambala cantt to aligarh junction, was travelling with wifeWith two luggage.In one of my luggage...there are clothes and one new MI 5A mobile phone.When reached my home i saw phone was missing and internally bag was knife cut.My suspect must be train coach attendant as he was drunk and wife told me he was roaming in coach during night many times.Plz help   
 Date of the inciden:[protected]2 parcels of h. L. Medicines were booked vide pwb no: [protected] through rajdhani parcel service on[protected]. These 2 parcels were loaded in train no 19165 on[protected] at 04.17 hrs. From vadodara to azamgarh.We request you to locate these 2 parcels and deliver them to anand medical stores, azamgarh.My company has been sending goods to azamgarh regularly since almost 8 years and we have not faced such situation. Hens i request you to kindly resolve my issue and restore faith in the railway parcel service.Copy of the pwb has been attache herewith for your ready reference and necessary action.Hoping to get a favourable response from your end.Thanks & regards.Ester formulationsParimal deshmukhManager (Sales & admn)[protected]   
 I'm peeyush kumar as i'm traveling from kota jn to jaipur jn in train mumbai jaipur 12955. The ticket checker name jitenter meena cds as come to me and check my ticket as i have a general ticket and ask him to make a difference and give a seat as he talk so rudely to me and he make a panaly ticket of 350 as i said to him here seat is vacant why u didduct panalty he behaves so badly. I want to fine complaint against him.   
 Respected sir, I visited the bhaktinagar railway station, rajkot, gujarat (W. Railway) for ticket booking. I was parked by motorbike out side the parking area allotted to contractor, but contractor forcefully demanding the parking charges. I argue that whole premises of the railway station is not covered in parking area under your contract and i visited for few minute, but he was not agree and charged the parking charges and may be in mou whole the area of bhakitnagar rly. Station is not covered as parking area.Sir,  Bhaktinagar railway station in big premised and i think that parking charges were not collected from peoples who r coming for inquiry or ticket booking for very short time.Kindly do needful in interest of peoples.   
 Hello, I was traveled with my family from sc to mugr on 23rd feb'18 and mugr to sc on 26th feb'18.Train no : 17026 /sc mugr express and 17025/ mugr sc express.It was really very bad experience no water in wash rooms. If there was a problem they have rectify on same day but when i return same train after couple of days still the issue was not resolved.Just imagine how pain it was without water in wash rooms. How neglect the management and staff workers are doing.Kindly look into this issue and rectify asap and take necessary action to the management/staff.Waiting for reply if not will escalate the pmo/central ministry.Thanks, Chanti   
 My pnr no.- [protected], i had reservation in sleeper class but due to some railway issues i have to travel in general coach, due to this i have to face many problems and i also have to face some physical violence and life threatening problem and everytime i have to give details everytime that it is reservation coach. All in all i have faced such a unconditional situations of my life and life threatening issues without my fault. I want my ticket refund + extra money for the problems that i have faced in my entire journey.   
 ToThe minister of railwaysGovt. Of indiaDear respected sir, I am currently traveling by the train no 12769 from mpl to sc in b1 coach and my seat number is 61 (Pnr [protected]). Its 11:00 pm now.I was sleeping and suddenly realised that somebody was hitting very hard from the other side of the shutter (Its between ac coach and sleeper coach) of our coach. We guessed there might be some emergency like accident or someone was in crisis on the other side of the shutter. As the sound was very hard we rushed and informed the attendant of our coach mr. Veeraswamy who was having rest on the front side of our coach. The moment mr. Veeraswamy opened the shutter we realised that one railway staff (Mr. Raghuram nayak) was hitting the shutter very hard. Along with me there was another passenger mr. Pratap reddy (B1 39) who witnessed the whole incident.This incident has not only created a chaos and panic but was also harming the physical asset of the railways. We were shocked to see the insensitivity of a railway staff towards the assets of the railways and also insensitivity towards the comfort of the customers.We expect you to take suitable action in this regard and also inform us as citizens of this country about the action taken.Look forward to your action!Regards, Suman laskar   
 Hello indian railway, This incident happened on 24th feb.2018. Details are Train no - 18605 / rnc jyg expClass :	sleeper classPnr no. :	[protected]From :	jsme to :	skiI've booked e tickets for my old parents who travelling from jsme to ski.Actual time of train was 23:05 but it was late by 2hrs that day. My parents informed me that 2-3 passengers are already occupied their reserved seats and not ready to give seats (Even not adjusted). I've suggested that please try to reach t. C. And informed him. But for your information, there was no tc came in that train and my old parents (73 & 66) were standing all night.The train was arrived in morning so they just moved out from there. Please suggest me where i can file a case regarding harassment or whom i've to contact.Thnx   
 I booked 2 birth in hwh to ndls rajdhani exp on the opening date (Erp), before 4 months. I also paid full eligible fare for my 7 years old girl child. My complain is why ir not allott only one lower birth, whereas i will travel with my family, and there was already a column for choosing birth in reservation slip. I came to know that indian railway sell the most demanded ticket in high price as premium ticket and make us nothing but ullu. I have already a bitter experience in last year on same train. If there was any one who can help me.   
 I, Hikmatiar, I was submitted a TDR against my PNR no [protected] about 4 months ago Due to train late. But I did not get my refund yet. I was contacted railway for the same issue about 1month ago. They had told me my CR registerd and it will be solved in 90 days from the date of TDR filed. It is 120 days now but no action taken yet. Please look into this issue.   
 Hi,  My mother traveled from alu (Ariyalur)- tmb (Tambaram) on train number 12635. I booked the ticket for her on takal and the seat number is 106 on the coach d1. Ttr has placed a metal box on the seat and asked my mother to travel on standing for the 4 hours duration of the train or asked her to adjust on the same seat. She is a kidney and disc prolapse patient. I want necessary action against this ttr.I have the ticket copy and if required i can share.   
 Sir,  I'm sukanta sarkar from gangabas, amghata, nadia, 741315.14feb morning at 07:42 i book a online season ticket (Krishnanagar to sealdha) from uts application. I using my idbi bank debit card through paytm. But ticket was not book but 353.22 inr deduct my account.I call paytm, i talk to a ticket collector and also call uts helpline138 I got a email 15 feb from uts mobile ticketing service, tell me"money deducted will be refunded with in 6 to 7 working days." but 7working days was already gone, but i don't received any money.So, please help me, refund my money. I think you understand my problem. I also attached sms and email screenshort. Thank you.My details:sukanta sarkar Gangabas, amghata, nadia, 741315, west bengal Ph-[protected]/[protected] Email-sukantasarkarx200@gmail.com   
 I am currently traveling in mudgaon-nizamuddin rajdhani express, the condition of washrooms and the cleaning service here is so bad that it difficult to breathe. How is the passenger even supposed to spend 25 hours in these conditions. The passengers travelling as well as the cleaning staff should be more alert on the cleanliness status and sanitary conditions in the moving train.This right here is an example of incompetent staff and equally incompetent services.One of the premium trains of the indian railways and this is what the passenger gets after paying more than 3500 for a ticket. It's a shame for the government and more so for the people who represent the railways.   
 Sir i’m a resident of jangpura extension a block. We just moved here and we find it very disturbing to hear the train horns all the time, every 15 minutes. We have elderly people at home who are unable to get sound sleep and the kids find it disturbing while studying. The train horns are very high pitched and loud. If it is possible to make this area a quiet zone, we would be really grateful to youThanks   
 I mr. Sharath. R. Nair residing at pezhummoottil thekathil, manjinikara, omalloor (Po) pathanamthitta (Dist) kerala, with my family travelled from chenganur (Cgnr) kerala to gandhidham (Gimb) gujarat, in train no -16336 – nagerkovil – gandhidham exp on 20th feb 2018 1900 hrs in coach a1- second ac (2a), pnr no : [protected].On 21st early morning it found that two of our baggage’s found cut from the bottom and the materials packed in the bags are lying out side while checking it seen that the bag were cut by rats and the same was reported to tte on duty in the compartment that time, no responses that these are not in our duty to looking after the luggage of the passenger. We then reported this matter at another tte on duty at madagaon station and then purchase some new bags from their and repack the materials for further safety for handing. Looking into the above matter :- (A)	 railway has to compensate the financial loss got me on my travel and the loss of materials in my baggage. (B)	 take necessary action against the railway staff on duty in that train on the above date for none attending the passenger’s safety during their travel - none looking such costly travelling compartment for passenger luggage safety. (C)	this is why peoples are avoiding travel by train and using air for comfort travel. (D)	 hence i request to your offices to take necessary action from your side and also intimate the progress in this subject for our records and further reference and necessary action in future to avoid this kind issue to anyone else.Hope you will co operate with us for further communication.Also indian railway earning money but no safety & good facility providing to passengers.As on date first ac, second ac, third ac all are as same as general class, only one difference in fare charge, balance all area same.Thanking you. (Sharath. R. Nair)   
 Please check the history of train 12327 upasana express, the only train to dehradun. This train stops everywhere right now it's stopped at doiwala from past 29mins. Today this train is late by 21 hrs. This train has made a history of getting late and stopping at every non stoppage station. And the message 'sorry for your inconvenience' isn't acceptable. We are suffering from health problems and paying more than it deserve. For what?   
 Dear sir/madam, I was suppose to attend a business meet at nanded on 25th feb 2017 and were booked a ticket reservation of panvel-nanded express train no.17613 of 24th. My departure time was 19:50 and my arrival time at nanded jn. Was 6:15 on 25th feb 2018. I was completely 5 hours late then given time.But i reached after 11.15am on 25th feb 2018..I completely loss my all the business deal just because of the train delay..Please resolve this kind of stuff..Looking forward for your assist..   
 Dear sir  I m boarding from guwahati 7.00hrs to delhi on date 19/02/2018 2ac coach no a2 birth no 30 pnr no [protected] train no 12423 dibrugarh rajdhani express.My laptop bag with hp make laptop & purse (Amount 3500 inr) my id driving licence pan card, voter id, office id, 01 no samsung mobile duel shim. Data card (Airtel) 16 gb pan drive, lots of document (Office work).  Hotel bills, delhi metro card, My grp fir book page no 10276 grp bihar grp control coom bihar patna. Theft between station kishan gaunj to katihar station,  So my request you whats type may be recover my lose materials. Please sajuest me. Best regards Shyam singh [protected]   
 I was travelling from chennai to erode in train whose number is 12679 coimbatore sf intercity express (Mas-cbe) around 8 o clock i missed my gold chain while washing my face in washing sink. I tired to pull chain but ppl stopped me to do soPlease do needful to find my chain back.Compartment number - d2 Chain details - dollar chain with white stone (2.25 sovereign)Location : after sankaridurg station   
 Hi, my name is bhargav. I am traveling from hyderabad to tenali in delta express coach no s1 and seat no :- 55. And date is[protected]. I am in rac and that tc sold one berth to one person and he didnt gave birth to me and said seats are filled. He took money from passenger and gave berth but not to me. I want my money back or he needs to be punished   
 I booked ticket for train 12058 on 22.02 at 11.02 am for journey from chandigarh to new delhi for 25.02 my sbi account was debited with rs 100 pos irctc 1117198 in txn[protected] but ticket was not generated i booked again at 1.55 pm on line by paying again rs 100 pos irctc 1278598 txn[protected] for same daye and same train please refund rs 100 ticket for which was not generated k d sharma e mail kdsharma50@gmail.com mobile [protected]   
 I along with my husband booked sleeper ticket under one pnr. Allotted seats in different coaches during our night (Myself is allotted seat in s7&my; husband has given s1compartmens (Pnr [protected]) on our journey on 22/02/2018. While booking the ticket it was cleared we need seat in same compartment. Both of us are ailing senior sitizens we sufferd a lot due to railways cruelty. Since both the coaches under two separate tt nobody cared our request for adjustment   
 Iam traveling by train no.20812 from hyderabad to rajahmundry... After vijayawada railway vendor served coffee and asked us to pay ₹25/- per cup. We are astonished and when i went to the pantry car and asked me to show the price list... He failed to show.. I asked him records... He refused. Finally i got one document. I have taken their photos... Please take immediate action and save passengers from exploitation   
 As i went to chennai chrompet railway station to pick my relative and he had came to chennai for first time so he dont know where to come and all while going to station i haven't seen any board of buying platform tickets as i was also new in chennai the ticket collector asked for the ticket my relative has show his ticket when they asked to show my ticket i told her that i just came to pick him i haven't travel in the train so why i have to show the ticket then he started arguing with me then they take me to the station in-charge office and asked me to give the fine under the section 156 that is allowing the station without the proper ticket the fine amount was 1000rs but they told me that u just give 260rs thats info for us whats this means instead of taking 1000rs they asked me to give only 260rs and they even dont have the proper receipt also there are printing the receipt on her own and asking fine from the innocent people if u are asking for a platform ticket u should have the board on platform that the people must take platform tickets there is no intimation in the platform and u have just asking fine from those people who dont know the rules and regulation of railways the people who are new to city all are get effected because of this type of non intimation rules Because of this type of staff in railways the people looses there money the way they were talking simply telling that we dont need 1000rs we just need 260rs just pay and go as i am new to city i paid them because i dont know anyone who can help me out there i think u will take any action regarding this complaint   
 I was travelling on 20 feb in lucknow bandra terminus express. I slept and when i woke up and checked, my bag was missing. If anyone has found it or has come across it, please contact [protected] and return the bag. It had a black dell 15.6" laptop and a lot of my clothes. I was in coach ab1 seat 9. I probably lost it around bandra terminus railway station. Please return the laptop it had very important data   
 Hooliganism behavior by two wheeler parking contractor staff.I was surprise to saw that parking contractor staff was not follow price chart prescribed by railway. They were charging just double charges as per prescribed rates. When someone opposes it, they quarrel. 29th nov, 2017 was the day when i first time complained for this matter to commercial manager jodhpur railway and hand over my grievance to dy. Station master (Commercial) mr. Mahindra mathur (+[protected], he said that we are getting regular complains regarding it & assured that this time will be charge penalty and if he found any more with same activity we will eliminating contract.On 18th feb. 2018 i had put my vehicle in parking stand and got the receipt for the same, receipt do not printed as per the rates prescribed in chart. Even railway had provided them posh machine but they are not using it. On 19th feb. 2018 i came back and take my vehicle, parking stand contractor said me to pay rs 40 for two days @ rs 20 per day whereas according to prescribed rates on board it should be rs 10 per day and rs 20 for two days. I said this to contractor, he said that if railway has no money to change the board what we can do, it is old rates, now rates are changed and board is still not changed by railway.I complain the same to station master (Commercial) they again assured me this will not happen next time…..In fact a contractor (Pramod meena +[protected] cannot do this all without support of railway staff. Need to take immediate action and cross check with intervals that contractor is charging correct amount, using posh machine, he should have fear of eliminating, not just penalty of rs 3000 in a month which is less that his extra earning of one day (300 vehicle x rs 10 per day).I had attached application and receipt. I have also video recording if require.   
 I booked a ticket from vijayawada to chennai having the pnr number - [protected], journey is on 18-feb-2018, where the train starts at 11:45 am from bza. My home town is 90 kms away from the vijayawada. I took the early morning dm-57382 passenger at 7:43 am to reach to vijayawada. But the train reached vijayawada at 11:59 am, where i missed the train by 14 minutes. The expected time to reach vijaywada is 10:40I took the break journeys to reach chennai, which took 13 hours to reach destination.As i booked the ticket online, i cannot cancel the ticket from railway counter and as i don't have the internet access, i couldn't cancel the ticket within 4 hours after the train starts.I couldn't refund money now and inconvenience caused due to the passenger was late.   
 Hi i am mohit vinod shah residing in sangli. Recently i travelled to gujrat by gandhidham express and i noticed robberies of belongings of passengers. Robberies included luggages, expensive cell phones, ladies hand bags, men wallets, etc. Nearly 18 to 20 such incidents took place from kalyan to satara stations. This cases are increasing day by day. There is no security in trains. I think it's responsibility of indian government to secure passengers and let them travel safely and happily. And passengers have to face lots of problems because of these incidents. And also passengers are now afraid of travelling by train because of no security. So there is need to provide tight security and secure passengers.  Please take action against it as soon as possible. Though i was not a victim of robbery but i can understand feelings and problems of victims who are facing these problems. Details of train i was travelling are as follows:Train no.: 16506/16505Train name: gandhidham expressDate: 18/2/18  20/2/18Pnr no. : [protected] s7 8, 12 [protected] s9 13, 16 I hope next time when i travel i will not come across these problems.  Thank you   
 I was travelling along with my family to tirupathi from khammam by train (No: 12762 (Karimnagar-tirupathi sf express)) on 15th feb 2018. We boarded the train at 11:45 pm in khammam. My mother was sleeping in berth no:25 (Lower) in s8 compartment. Around 1:30 am at vijayawada outskirts train stopped for few minutes and the incident of chain snaching from my mother's neck has been happened. The stolen chain value is around 1 lakh (36 grams of gold).We tried to file an fir in vijayawada grp station but due to lack of time (Train halted for 5 mins) they refused to take fir from us. They told us to file it in tirupathi railway station. There we complained the incident to grp office and they refused saying that vijayawada does not fall under their juridiction. They just took the incident on a plane paper and told us to post to vijayawada.Please probe this matter as soon as possible. My mother got injuries on her neck and she is still mentally disturbed.   
 Hello sir, Train no. 05116 (Anand vihar to chhapra spl train) ka schedule time anand vihar s3 2:20 hai, par train 3h 40 min late show kar rha hai.Spl train me jyada amount dekar hamne tckt liya taki ham time par pahuche kyunki hame urgent hai. Mere jaise kitne passengers paresan ho rhe hai, Mai chhahti hu ki plz train ko schedule time par start ki jaye, plz its urgent.   
 I am a senior citizen and a war vetran. I boarded the above mentioned train from kanpur to ambala cantt on 20 feb 2018. (Ticked pnr no.[protected] on seat number 9 in a1 coach. Between 2:30 am and 6 am, my phone, which was in my turban on the table top, was stolen.Some person/gang is operating between the stations that arrive on that night. The train was running very late. The phone had two sim cards. Nos [protected] and [protected]. It also had a 16/32 gb data card.They have stolen phones from other passengers in the coach as well.An early and speedy action is requested, as the phone has sensitive data stored in it.Please contact me on mob: [protected] o. R e-mail: jdsjind@hotmail.com   
 I'm from ranchi, and alternatively traveling from ranchi to bokaro steel city. I've only one way to reach bksc.& generally i prefer to travel at morning. I go from train no. (18626). But yesterday it was late and even today is cancelled. How better you manage your train. I want to know, why everytime it getting late or cancelled. My kindly request to you please resolve this.   
 I tried to book ticket through irctc app on 17th feb 2018, transaction id [protected], the ticket was not booked with the status payment failed. The payment was deducted from my bank account ubi branch payed through online to irctc, my account is debited for the fare and irctc says failed transaction. Why i am not getting refund in this condition?   
 In salem jn main exit is through platform no 1. But following festivities are not even provided in platform no 1 1) no waiting room  2) no urine shead /latrines fecility.  3) no snack stall/drinking water selling stal of irctc or private party.. 4no notice board showing reservation chart or any information to the public.  All the above three amenities are provided in the 3rd platform only.  No body can even see the 3rd platform with go through the under ground way.   
 Reminder ofthe previous complain I wanted to cancel the tickets from diphu to ghy that taken one and half month before the date of journey, on 31st jan/2018. My ticket pnr no was [protected]. The name of the train was nagaland express for dated 18th feb/2018 at 6.39 am for six passengers in 3 ac coach/berth through yatra.com travels. But when i tried it to cancel this reservation tickets from diphu on 17th feb/2018 from 7 pm to 2 am of 18th feb/2018 on line the tickets are not cancelled by the railway authority and my cancellation fare is not returned in spite my request that done before the 4 to11 hours of the sheduled time of the train as already mentioned. There fore i request you kindly to take necessary action to get my fare back as per rules and regulations of indian railway.   
 I am a girl student, travelling alone from kamakhya to raxaul in kamakhyakatra express yesterday in two tier ac, when train was about to reach samastipur, my handbag was snatched from my hand today at around 4:30am.in it i had my passport, atm card, voter id card, phone, wallet. There were no guards in the train nor a single attendant. Is this the way indian railway provide security especially for girls?I want that this doesnot happen again as i know i wont get my bag back but i hope you improve by providing strong security in the train   
 Dear sir, my name is ashish kr verma i am a student of burdwan university . my concern is i have been extra charge by cheat . the incident is happend on 15.2.18 around 3 pm while i return back to durgapur from patna junction train name- poorva express train no- 12304 in this train i had my general coach ticket the actual fare was rs 140 but when i reach durgapur station TT collect me and fine me rs 270 by fraud .I had already shown him the ticket . then also he charged .. i want my money back any how plzz sir take action against TT and see the attachment below i hve disclose it .THANKS & REGARDS ASHISH KR VERMA PHNO- [protected]ADRESS- BENACHITY DURGAPUR, 713213   
 Im traveling in train 11036 sharavati from hasan to dadar..In train all the railway staff selling the products above mrp.. Product like drinks, food, water etc.. I purchased water and mrp is 15rs. But the seller demand 20rs. When i asked that mrp is 15 than why u r taking eztra than he is saying it is our commission. What the # indian gov. Dont know whats going in railways.   
 1. Pay and use facilities kept locked... And unable to use it..2. Passengers travel in emu train to catch express trains.. But they halt the local trains away the station / previous station and passes the express. Because of this passengers suffers lot. Today passenger travelling in 47411 train missed 22637 west coast and 56013 as well.If the train was not haulted away from station, all the trains would have reached destination on time... But due to poor planning passengers are suffering..RegardsSrinivasan   
 The train no: 17643, circar express, between chennai egmore & kakinada. This train is arriving late by 2 to 3 hrs to kakinada every day. & all the a/c coaches are very badly maintained & bed bugs & cockroaches every where. Due to late arrival every all the further plans for the passenger are delayed. As there is no pantry car facility, small childrens are very much affected, as they are not getting morning breakfast & food sold out side vendors are not hygine. This express??? Train is running like passenger train, stopping at all small stations & stand a side, leaving path to other express trains. Railway management must look into this issue immediately, as this is the only direct train connectivity between chennai & kakinada.   
 Sir i'm travelling in train no. 22434. Train has arrived at faizullapur at 5.04am which was already late as per it's schedule. This train is still on faizullapur station till 6.02am and has been crossed by 8 trains. I know that this complaint is not gonna help me but still i'm complaining with some hope my name is praveen shrivastava pnr no is [protected]. My no. Is [protected] and email i'd is shrivastavapravin6688@gmail.com please provide complaint no. And feedback as well   
 I have booked a ticket by internet for my wife having problem of osteoarthritis aged 54 years in the train 12262 howrah cstm duronto in 3rd ac and requested for lower berth for her knee problem. At the time of request 257 tickets was available in 3rd ac. Still they have rejected my request and allotted her a side upper berth ticket. I think this has done intentionally. Person in charge should have minimum humanity to allot a suitable ticket for a lady of age of 54. I am requesting to reconsider the berth allotted for my wife. Please take necessary action against humanitarian ground. My ticket details are as follows - pnr no. [protected], train 12262 howrah cstm duronto, transaction id - [protected], date & time of booking - 16.02.2018 - 12:45 hrs., berth available at the time of booking - 257, name of passenger - nupur karmakar, age - 54, sex - femaleCoach no. B5, berth no. 24 (Side upper)   
 I booked a c c ticket from coimbatore to chennai by 12680 on[protected]. I received confirmation message on13 th feb. Based on that on 14 th when i was trying to board the train ina/c coach, my name was not there in the chart. I was in full tension because i am not suppose to board the train. Finally ihave seen message which was delievered at 03.56 at seat was allocated in d3 compartment. Then i have travelled in that seat. When i have booked in cc a/c how my seat is confirmed in ordinary class!Based on the prior message only i have tried in a/c chaircar how much agony i have encountered! Since i got the first message, i was under the impression that my seat is confirmed in cc when we go to the station i can found out my seat number. If you did not give me the first message, i should have waited for final message. I have paid charge for a/c chair car and i am a senior citizen. My name ; s. Dass. What railway is going to answer for my agony i experienced and the money paid for ac. Expecting your reply.   
 Today i visited to sedam (Seram) railway station for tatkal booking, am very surprised booking chanel is showing hindi, english and telugu languages, since sedam comes karnataka state it should be in local language kannada hindi and english, and i asked booking counter he said no pan india we have only 3 language. No kannada language channel, again i met stations master mr narshima murthy he given same answer, also i informed please check one more time other wise will raise the complaint against this. He said whatever you want do do it no problem he said.Pls take care of this in karnataka how can we use telugu language channel for booking. RegardsBasavanagowda[protected]   
 Greetings, I am charmi manek, have compalint against motor man of ladies special train from virar to churchgate arrving bhayandar station - 2-3 mins early on regular basis.. Why this is happening 2 mins early is too much for us. I want to know the name of motor man and action taken against himThis regular issue so many of us miss our train because of him.   
 Sriganganagar railway station has a walled paid parking space where we can park the vehicle. One has to pay according to the number of days we use it.But some people have started charging from those who come to pick up relatives and not using the walled paid parking space. Whenever one tries to go to pick up someone they force us to buy parking ticketPlease do the needful   
 Dear sir, I venkatesh komma, i have payment to the rail ticket in irctc rail connect but the amount of rs. 750/- is deducted from my account and credited to your bank but not received by the irctc i have mentioned reference idsTransaction id: [protected]Please look into this and refund my amount to my account.Thanking you, Yours faithfullyVenkatesh komma   
 Train:utr sampak krantuTrain. No:15036Dear mr. Prabhu, kindly do something about trains running late.. Utr sampak kranti, train no 15036 halt just before gaziabad for more than 1hour.. Can explain the reason for it.. This is not the only case every now n thn trains are getting cancelled n late.. This has been a trademark of indian.. What are u doing to improve it..   
 When I was traveling from NJP to dibrugarh today. In the morning my shoe was stolen from 3AC couch near tinsukiya station.railyway catering personnel and attendant is only suspected. They are deployed for safety and security Bt they are doing this type of cheap things. Indian railway should compensate for my loss . in spite of quick complain by me on online portal and 182 railway police helpline no. Action is not initiated by railway.it show a humble towards own staff Bt not towards customer.within couple of minute they msged me that ur item not recovered without any regret for their worst service. Rajdhani train is the safest train in India in respect of security Bt staff is involved in stealing belongings. Name-ashok dadhich Address-airforce station Bagdogra Dist-darjeling pin-734014 West bangal Train no.-12424My pnr - [protected]Berth-B417mobile no. - [protected]   
 Sir, I have a complaint against miss behaviour of railway parking staff in kuttipuram (Ktu) railway station (Malappuram dist, keralastate).One of the staff miss behaving all and making complaint in our bike. Once i asked regarding charging high rate. Now he told me that he will not allow me to park my bike there.Kindly advise how can i make a complaint against him.   
 Sir, Greeting, We have send goods in railway parcel service from chennai to guntakal on 07/02/2018 in train no:11028 and the goods has not been received yet and the p. R. R no/pwb no: is[protected] and currently i am enable to track the status of the goods. And from my side i made an enquiry in chennai, guntakal, pune, mumbai but there is no proper reply and they are saying that the goods are not there in particular places. And if the goods are not found with in prescribed time then it may get damaged and we have to face loss. So we kindly request you to track the status of our goods and inform us and make the delivery of the goods as soon as possible. And you can contact us on this numbers [protected], [protected].Waiting for reply from your side.Yours truly, Major steel centreChennai.   
 Dear sir, i am a senior citizen (Female) of dhanbad jharkhand. Today when i was travelling to beohari by shaktipunj express on 14/02/2018 with my daughter, my trolly bag was stolen away early morning (4am to 5am) in between renukut station. Near about 4000 rupees including clothes was lost. The theft incident was happened in the compartment s1 pnr [protected] train no 11448 seat no 35 & 37. When i got down to complaint at choupan station to the rpf they denied to take the complaint and told me to lodge fir in beohari station. The disguisting thing which i noticed was that there were no rpf personnels in the train and even train superintentend was not present in the train on that day. Sir, this is a serious case which the authorities have to take care of. Now we are afraid to travel in train. Who is responsible for this? Sir who will answer to this? Please enquire the same and kindly take immediate action.   
 I booked the train on the one-month prior date of arrival on 12th of january. Today which is 13th feb, just a day before my travel, i got a message that my train has been canceled. This is pathetic as i don't have any other means to travel except scheduling a flight which is costing me around 4000rs. I chose to train as it was a cheap travel. The railway should have intimated me for the cancellation. I have my interview scheduled for my higher studies. My pnr no is [protected] my train number is 12589 which is canceled on 14th february which is also my travel date. Please give my any solution to travel to hyderabad without giving any further expenditures.   
 Indian railways is a no 1 company as we know. But nowadays there was a big problem like train late, toilet not cleaning, no sufficient water, dusty bed roll, etc. This is a fundamental issues, do not ignore it. Try to understand and serve better, otherwise pm take action.New jalpaiguri (Njp) is a most valuable station in eastern railways. But there is no infrastructure to in and out the train frequently. Passengers are waiting on platform hrs and hrs, but the station master or his staff has not help or announces properly. The train is waiting 2 nos. Of stoppage before but passengers seen that the platform of njp station is vacant. So why this type of nuisance. The station master is not capable and he was the responsible.   
 I booked ticket pnr number is [protected], train mas-adi express. Since only one ticket was confirmed and other not we didn't travel by that train and hence claimed tdr. But it was rejected mentioning you had travelled.I dropped an email to tdrprocess@irctc.co.in to get the explanation that how it got rejected if i had not travelled only by that train?Tdr transaction id : [protected]I received a response as :Dear customer,  Kindly note that the refund case pertaining to pnr no.[protected] has been regretted by railways. On verification railway has conveyed that the passenger (S) have/has travelled.in case you have any proof like attendance sheet duly signed by employer, alternate travelling details of not traveling then please specify so that we can again forward your case to the concerned railways to reconsider. Regards, Sajjan kumar kashyap Tdr process team Tdrprocess@irctc.co.inI forwarded my proofs of travelling in a different train the same day but haven't got any response. This has been for more than one month.What is the use of troubling the passenger? Request some one to please look into this case at the earliest.Email : rizwana_vhora@yahoo.com   
 Myself duryodhan boitai was travelling from kota junction to chiplun in train no 12484. When train reached near panvel station i went to near wash basin. At that time someone has stolen my new power bank, mobile with headphone. I tried to complain to tti but no one was present at this coacha1. It is a shame matter as it is 2nd ac coach. So who is going in general sleeper what will happen to them. Kindly provide necessary guard in coach and how it will not happen to others, please take action   
 SirI am routine passenger from hosur to bangalore yeshwanthpur for our day to works traveling through salem yeshwanthpur daily passenger train which used to arrive at hosur by 9am supposed to reach yeshwanthpur by 10. 30 am. Today it reached bangalore hebbal by 10.45 am which is just 2 station prior to yeshwanthpur. It is not yet started till 11 am. When contacted time office they informed due to start of toronto train from yeshwanthpur salem yeshwanthpur train will be there at hebbal till 11.30 am. After crossing toronto train only salem yeshwanthpur train will be given green signal. On behalf of passenger we bring to your notice that due to various chilly reasons like toronto passage, non existence of empty plat forms out of existing 6numbers at yeshwanthpur southern west railway never keeps functuality of its reach at yeshwanthpur for more then 5 years as evident from data collected by passenger forum. The lethargic inordinate delays on salem yeshwanthpur trains were fully absent during short tenure of sadhananda gowda as a railway minister. The public is not convinced of ongoing disorders in functuality as it affects revenue of daily on traveling employees at private factories of bangalore. Please allocate for cbi enquiry on internationally enforced delay by bangalore division time management group to find out actual truth and make appropriate corrective discipline actions on erring officials PassengerRaja   
 There is a ttec in bidhannagar railway station. I don't know his name. He is short height and dark. This particular ttec is the head ttec of bidhannagar as claimed by him. He is taking fines from passengers even if the passenger has a valid ticket. He says that the ticket is not valid. He is also encouraging other ticket examiners to do so. There is a lady who is their madam is also helping them. If a passengers do not pays then they threatens the passenger.This particular ttec and his superior lady is the head of all these wrong doing.Later from their conversation i came to understand that they are doing so to fulfill a target of 2500/- per day.They don't serve for the complete duty hours. They work for an hour or so, fine innocent passengers and leave the place.There are a few very helpful ticket examiner who helps the passenger. I think railway ministry should take proper step against these wrong doers.   
 Dear sir, Myself vikash kumar travelling in train Pnr-[protected]Trn:58013Dt:[protected]Frm hwh to bkscCls:slP1-rc, s9, 39Charger being theft by copassenger k agarwaal who is sharing rac seat with me in same train.His full detail is following K agarwaal m38 pnr [protected].I think railway will take stern step and they can track this person and put my charger back.I will be thankful to you for thisThanking youVikash kumar   
 I had book two tickets for my parents on 3rd december 2017, both tickets are in rac quota i. E. Rac 2 and rac 3under pnr no. - [protected] and journey date is 11th feb, 2018 from jalgaon to tatanagar. My parents are come under senior citizen category, as per my knowledge they have to get lower berths as per rule, but my mother only got the lower berth and my papa hadn't. As well their coaches are also different, one is in b1/54/ub and another in b2/28/lb.in between b1 and b2, there were two coaches a1 and a2. I am really surprised with these arrangements by railway, it is really humiliating the passengers especially the senior citizen. Please do something to improve the services because this problem my father travel in b2 only in seating mode throughout the journey. What is the meaning of reservation?   
 Sir,  On 10.2.2018 i tried on line booking 4 to 5 times every time debited th money from my account totalling to rs.5220. But tickers not booked. Money went to mobikwik agency authorized by railways. Please see that my money is refunded immediately.  Mmkazi addl. Director of sericulture (Rtd) iqra building shivagiri dharwad karnataka [protected]   
 Hi, am ankur prakash, and traveling to ahmedabad from lucknow through sabarmati express 19168, coach no a1, seat no :-8 & 10, my luggage was placed beneath the seat at jhansi station, 2 men stepped in the coach and took our trolley bag & stepped down, it was around 8 am in the morning... But when approached the coach attendant and tte ramanuj kumar... They were clueless for what has happened... I also informed grp control jhansi, they said someone will come at ur seat to attend the complaint at lalitpur, they came we explained and in reply they said,,, will check the cctv at jhansi station and will get back to us.My only point is this is the security in 2nd ac. And no one is ready to take the liability.Can anyone help us to get our luggage back.Regards, Ankur prakash [protected]   
 When ever we book a tatkal ticket from howrah to any place in india with in 30 secs all the tatkal ticket will be full. Please see to this matter.And one more thing we have noticed when even we book a general 2nd class ticket we get only waiting list. Why is this happening. Who is this fraud booking agent doing this to make money for this. This is series matter please look into this. We are suffering from past 2 years.   
 Dear sir, I have booked my scooter wide luggage way bill no 702317 dtd 02.02.18 pune to gonda jn. Thr t no 15030 but it has found that my scooter was despatched to gondia jn.in t no 11039 when asked to rly staff i have got reply that by mistake it was happen and will be soon deliver to gonda jn. From nagpur but till date there is no any replay from rly staff. This is very very big mistake from rly staff and i am suffered for this. Please do the needful,   
 I booked my bike with registration number jh05e 4195 on 27.01.2018 in utkal express (18478) with pnr no. [protected] from nizamuddin to tatanagar station. When i enquired on 30.01.2018 in tatanagar station, got information that bike not loaded yet from nizamuddin.On 02.02.18 got sms on my mobile no. [protected] that bike is loading in train no. 18478 from nzm to tata. When enquired again on 03.02.2018 in tatanagar station got information that it could not be unloaded in tatanagar due to overloading and went to khurda road station and from then my bike is over there and no one is giving information that when i will get my bike.This is so frustrating and now i am mentally harassed as i return back to delhi without delivering my bike to brother.   
 I did my online ticket as sr citizen, age-62 & my wife 53, on9/02/2018, gotupper berth in duronto from delhi to bhubaneswar, doj-15/02/2018.But when railway has the provision to provide lower berth to sr. Citizen and ladies above 45, how it issued upper birth. Again i became bound to cancel because we both can't go up.This is for your information that twice i did online and the same berth again allowed why.So please go for a quiry and do the needful.   
 No one check my mobile charging points. Ur authority concern sent a false message. As... Indian Railways-CD: Your Complaint No.: W/ER/HWH/[protected] has been attended to and it is now closed. Please go to the given url to give your valuable feedback - http://coms.indianrailways.gov.in/criscm/common/customerFeedback.seam?compRefNo=...⇄   
 Respected sir, This is to inform you that my mother in law smt. Latika sarkar is scheduled to travel from newdelhi to sealdah on 3.3.18. She is 83 years old, traveling accompanying by her grand son. Unfortunately she has been allotted an upper birth climbing which is impossible for her.Under the circumstances, you are requested to kindly allot her a lower birth and oblige.Pnr. No.[protected].Thanking you, Yours faithfully, Tridibesh roy.Passenger mobi no. [protected].   
 I'm travelling in train no 12970 jaipur coimbatore express today from chennai and got into ladies compartment at the rear end of the train since there was only one ladies compartment at the end. When i got in to the compartment i saw a big crowd of gents and ladies. Gents had occupied most of the seats in upper and lower births. I asked them to give seat for my mother and myself and informed them that it is ladies compartment. They argued that its not. I asked them to look at the board. Then they said even if its written as ladies its not meant for only ladies and they refused to get up. I called the rpf toll free number and talked to one person he asked me to check for a guard and i gave the phone to a guard who was passing by. They talked each other for a while. I conveyed him the issue and he asked me to adjust as there is no ladies in through trains. So i asked him the purpose of the board and this specific compartment. He started shouting at me and asked the gents and ladies to adjust and he said nothing can be done. So many lady passengers are standing here including myself. I understood that there is no use for the ladies compartment in our indian railway and rules are different for different trains. Iam feeling so ashamed to travel like this. Being a lady iam feeling so embarassed. There is no right for ladies to question and no use for the so called rpf and other authorities. If the rule he said is correct then i request indian railway to please remove the board 'ladies' and make it as general.   
 My mother hand bag was theft done on running train, train no 11019, one no [protected] on dated 07.02.18 time 4:00 am.in that bag, one samsung mobile, cash ₹1000, medicine, cosmetic items. As per secunderabad grps, guide to lodge a complaint on destination grps place, so i submit complaint on same, kindly find the attached complaint copy for same.For this issue i already twitter to honerable railway minister and railway brahmapur grps complaint copy also shared.If u have any query, or found pls update me on below contact details.Name:madhusudan patroContact no:[protected]/[protected]   
 Dear sir, This is to bring to your kind notice about the pathetic condition of the pune local service. There are few things that have really concerned me which are highlighted below:1) i am a regular first class passenger in the local train between talegoan dabhade to shivaji nagar. Now a days, the train is overcrowded in the first class compartment also and many unauthorised passengers holding second class tickets or even without tickets travel in first class compartments. There is practically no checking at all. I have not seen any tc's or any other officers checking tickets in the first class which results in many unwanted passengers boarding the train. I have seen many drunk people sleeping in the seats without any fear, also there have been many reports of pick pockets in the first class. Many times one can see unauthorised passengers sitting and genuine ticket holders standing. After 6 pm i have seen railway employees telling people to board the first class compartment as other compartments are crowded. During peak time the first class is as crowded as the general compartment and i have also seen many college kids enjoying hanging near the enterance and sitting comfortably when asked i was told that tc's dont come in first class.2) many unauthorised railway employees (Even the class iv and kalasi) people are travelling in first class compartment and many times sitting while passengers who genuinely pay huge amount stand in the crowd on the corridors.It is sad to see the state in which the once great indian railway has fallen too. I understand that you might be short staffed but this shouldn't stop your employees to atleast check the first class compartment once a day. If a guy who pays 10rs for a ticket or without ticket is seating in first class why am i paying for the first class ticket. When a drunk can sleep on the entire seat who is to stop someone from stealing or stabbing anyone if they know one is there to punish them. This is a serious concern to the safety of the passengers and for the money that we pay. I really don't want to pay for a first class ticket when i see people paying 10rs and enjoying the same comfort. I have seen many complains have been registered regarding this but no action has been taken i guess pune railway board would need to homicide to wake them up. Until something happens no one wakes up that the sad truth about humans now a days. It is best to just not travel by local if the government just expects you to pay the fair and not pay any attentions to the safety of the public. I am going to consider not travelling in first class and i recommend everyone to do the same or indian railway should remove the first class compartment so that everyone is one the same playing field.   
 The escalators are not working in the chintadripet station for the past 3 months to my knowledge. It is very pathetic to see people walking on the escalator. The entire railway station seems to have a poor maintenance. The entire place looks unclean. This may seem to be a small problem but every small issues causes large ones. The station is just 20 yrs old but it will get worn out if it is not maintained properly. I dont know whether proper maintenance is done but as a common man i feel it is poorly maintained.   
 Hello sir, i am saurabh katre from akola, maharashtra i went to the railway station reservation counter and give him the form for reservation my 2seats from new delhi to akola they are filling the detail and now the time for pay as i saw there a bhim app payment accept i paid by bhim app my money was deducted from my bank and i shown the photo of approved transaction and transaction id but they told me that we did not receive the money so they did not gave me the tickets but my money was deducted please help me sir and solve my problem i have the transaction id :[protected]and the amount deduct msg from bank money is 1110.00rs time 15:18:15 money was collected by indian rail this message is shown in my bhim app... I wrote the complaint on railway board with complaint reference number :	w/cr/bsl/[protected] but they did not solve my case. Please solve my problem i hope you got my problem thanking you   
 My purse was stolen in train no 14207 padmavat express around 2:30 to 3:00 am on 3rd feb 2018 while i was asleep. It had 14000 rupees and all my cards and adhaar card. It is so disheartening to know that even if you travel in 2nd ac it is not safe at all.There was no attendent in the train. Nowdays they just take little money and give seat to anyone just like that. Same happened with us. Some random person was given seat and he took advantage and stole my purse while i was asleep.Please look into this.   
 I have travelled to katpadi jn. On 03/02/2018 by bhagmati express from mysuru jn with family. Of three by train no.12578, in 3rd ac coach, berth nos.41, 44, &45. After reaching jolarpet jn. By 12.30. P. M. The speed of the train came down drastically to meagre10 kms for about 2 1/2 hrs. There was none to explain the reasons for the delay and there was no announcements. They could have used coach sound speakers for the reason and ease the tension of the fellow passengers who have to take some important business and etc. Etc., the train reached katpadi jn after the delay of 2 1/2 hrs.   
 All railway authorities, i pnr number [protected] was travelled 12649 train on 05 feb 2018, train reached at 630am at agra, agra onwards rail authorities announced, this is passenger train and travelled personnel those who have not ticket, they also travelled and train stop every local stops, reservation passengers are suffered very highly, my baggage lost and damaged, so who is responsible for damaged items and late reached train to nizamuddin railway station, this my complaint against railway authorised person, refund my travelled fare ticket for not given information..   
 I want to complaint about ticket agent at madhi station. Madhi come between surat bhusaval line in western railways. Ramasankar mishra brother of umasanakar mishra who works as a clerk in railway at nandurbar is agent and use his brother name to book ticket. Many people are facing problem and complaint against ramasankar but station master does not take any action against him. So i request you ta take any action against him and who are guilty in this fraud.   
 Reservation rail ticket:Date of ticket booking:13/jan/2018, date of journey:21/jan/2018Transaction id:[protected], ticket status:partially confirmed and wait-listed after chart prepared. Amount:1455/-Request a refund: tdr entered for the wait-listed passengers onlyReason for tdr: party partially confirmed/waitlisted and wait listed passengers did not travel.Tdr filing date:25/jan/2018 20:57:22 hrsCancellation id:[protected]Tdr zone: south east central railway (Sb)Result:Tdr status:cr repudiateReason for tdr registration failed:invalid tdr timestmap:partialHence i loss an amount of 1455/- whole ticket. 1) why indian railways partially confirmed only a ticket and make suffering whole family like this?2) why did not eligible to get wait-listed passengers refund, even train departured, even later on chart prepared for not allocated berths??3) why indian railways couldn't reverse the amount to originate source if services not provided?   
 I was travelling by jammu mail 1st ac from kathua to delhi pnr no [protected]. I de boarded the train at sabji mandi. After i deboarded the train, the train attendent called me in front of other passengers that there is only one hand towel left as he had provided two. The attendent without any proper check blamed us in front of other passengers. The attendent name was vinod and i want complaint be lodged against him as i am sure he must have found them afterwards. I have paid almost 3800 for my journey i didnt expect this kind of behaviour from the support staff   
 Sir I booked a bicycle from satna to deoriasadar on 25 jan 2018. I gave 50/- extra to labour for my bicycle loading to durg gkp exp. The labour name is ramroop which mob no is [protected]. But till today 4 feb 2018 my bicycle was not loaded to any train. So we were not get our bicycle yet. Nobody of railway employee didnot take responsibility for this.. At the time of booking they said to me that 10 /- per hour penality will taken by railway if we will not receive bicycle. But after 10 days i didn't receive my bicycle. Plz resolved this issue as early as possible. And take an strict action to that irresponsible labour.   
 I am travelling now in duranto super fast express 12223 from ltt to ernakulam jn. The desired time to reach the train is 5.50 pm. Now the ttr is telling that the train will reach the destination by 9.30. Thereby i dont get any bus to reach home. So i have to take any taxi or something to reach my home. Who will give the money for that taxi? Most of the passengers have the same problem. This is really a bad thing from indian railways. Really worst indian railway   
 Sir,  Mobile charging point of coach number b3, birth number 63, train number 14257 is not working. My pnr number is [protected]. Date of journey is[protected]. We crossed sewapuri station nearly 30 minutes before. We are facing problems to charge our mobile. For this we are wondering here and there. Please send the maintenance team as soon as it is possible.Thanks   
 Doddaballapur railway station, i am visited to railway station for ticket enquiry, my two wheeler not parked at parking area, just asked to ticket clerk about enquiry of ticket availability and return within 15 minits, the contract man (Global agency) came and asking parking charge, before he didn't asked when my vehicle left there. Why i could pay the amount! He taken any responsibility to my vehicle, and i ma not parked in parking area. The railway station is public area. Even i have no freedom in india to visit public areas, why we will pay the amount.The india govt is taking tax for us. For development of public areas, which purpose this amount is charging for govt.I am visited on 03/02/2018Railway station : doddaballapur, bangalore ruralCont : global agencyI think the contract occupy railway station.   
 Hello, I have booked the the ticket from pune-nagpur (Bilaspur exp). Ticket didn't got booked and amount got deducted from my account. I have sent the mail many times each time they are asking for different thing.I have also attach the bank statement, stating the deduction. When i call one of the executive he told to sent the bank statement the amount will get credited to my account. When i sent the statement. They told no amount got deducted from account.Requesting you to help me in this situation.Name : sunil faideMob :+91-[protected]   
 Sir I booked train tickets online on 17/12/17 from Cuttack to Bokaro steel city, pnr-[protected], train no- 12801, sleeper class which shown waiting. After two days I cancelled the tickets on 19/12/17 a message came of tickets cancellation some amount deducted from it and Rs1770 will be refunded to your account. But it will be more than a month gone but I not got my refund. Please help me to get my refund back please.   
 Why paytmdsk holds the refunds of consumer?I cancelled my e-ticket on 24/01/2018 the following are my pnr - [protected] & pnr - [protected] till that date i haven't received any refund yet. It is so shameful act that paytmsdk holds on the refund of irctc customers. The amount that is to be refunded is 2430 & 1660.My refund i'd from irctc to paytmsdk is[protected][protected].And the customer care of irctc doesn't work.   
 Sir4 months ago, we got our seats reserved in rajdhani for 1st february 2018 (Tata to delhi) and in shatabdi for 2nd february 2018 (Delhi to ludhiana) due to dynamic /flexi fare. Today, on 31st january, 2018, we received the message that rajdhani (22823) will depart from bhubaneswar at 7:45p. M and reach tatanagar late in the evening. Due to delay of 22823 we will not be able to board 12013 on 2nd february 2018.. Ultimately we have to cancel shatabdi tkts and suffered loss of rs 390 plus tension how we will reach ludhiana plus extra cost. We have to pay more on premium trains due to dynamic fareSir, my question is... Why we (Passengers) have to suffer due to fault of railways.   
 Respected sir, I booked the bike on 30 dec.2018 from bhusawal to kalyan . And bike arrive at the kalyan stn. At evening and when i go to collect the bike the employee of parcel office behavior like a prime minister. He told go to office of parcel in kalyan which locate at outstation of kalyan station area.and the officer of parcel office told me go to platform no 5 to collect the bike . And the person who appointed on this post on platform no 5 he told go to parcel office . What is the hell of this system . Why the rail employees behavior like this . And this person crack the railway rules shown in photos. And he told me show the ticket . Why u come here . The detail of the employees as follow .Phone no -[protected]Name -muzam (appoint on platform no 5 in kalyan, maharashtra. India.Plz needful with me.Kamlesh kolhe.[protected].   
 Sir i kishore mishra, advocae travelling from rajdhani express 12423 from tinsukia assam to kanpur, uttarpradesh dated-30/01/2018 on coach b11 on seats 49, 50, 52 (Pnr-[protected]) with my family.in early morning of 31st at about 4:10 am somebody has stolen our black coloured bag which had 5 mobile phones, two wallets consisting all our identity proofs such as aadhar card, pan card, driving licence, and credit and debit cards and 20000 approx cash and train ticket as well. The incident happened on seat number 50 where my daughter was sleeping with the bag under her head and after a sudden movement she felt her mobile has fallen down but when she tried to find it out it was founds that her bag is missing. The compartment gate was completely open as well as the coach gate. The attendant was sleeping. And after we shouted he went to find the tte. Later both of them were searching for the train squad of policemen but they were no where available and were found approx an hour later. We have complained on every possible place and lodged an fir in such time so.  on twitter we have sent tweets to p. M. O india as well as mr. Piyush goyal but no responses are yet provided. I have provided my imei number of one the phone in the bag to the grp headquarter, guwahati (Imei - [protected] (Jio) mob - [protected]) so that it can be tracked down by survialliance and such theft activities in rajdhani express can be monitored and accused can be caught and sent behind the barsWe are awaiting your efforts to help us get through this because we are highly affected by this incident happening in rajdhani expressContact detailsKishore mishraMob - [protected]   
 Pnr-[protected] date of journey-28/1/18 boarding from howrah jn. Ticket type - window ticket. I had cancelled my this ticket from irctc website through option present over there cancel window ticket. And right after that i received text from irctc & msg consist words which clearly says that "collect your refund amount from station commencing jn or any nearby satellite jn. Then i went to santragachi jn where the staff were very rude & they were not about to giving my money back. The reason for which they were like is"message is wrong which i received from irctc". I had my train at 9:25 santragachi-porband pnr-[protected]. I gave my all efforts in santragachi & gondia jn. Even i called to customer service but nothing worked. Kindly take some action.   
 Upper class waiting room at Sirhind Jn - SIR. found locked. Me & my wife have to wait for our train till 03:30 hrs but nobody is there to complain. Waiting room for 2nd class is not having toilet facility. Unauthorised persons are roaming around   
 Sir, I am travelling from bhubaneswar to berhampur from 07150 guwahati secundrabad special train.. The schedule arrival of this train was 9:40 at bhubaneswar but delayed for 2 hrs.. As i had reservation on this train so i have to take this train.. After crossing khurda... Train has been stopped here at tapang station.. This train should have been near berhampur now. Sir please clear the line for this train.. I am lone traveller here... Please help us   
 Dear sir i had booked two 2ac ticket in kerala exp from bhopal to kayamkulam on 29/01/2018 and our seat number is a2 23, 24. But a2 coach is just like sl coach there is no charging system and ac is not working properly. We had paid higher amount for 2ac tickets but we got facility of sl coach moreover this coach is seems like a 19 th century build quality. So plz take the fare of sl coach and return balance money as soon as possible   
 Refund of rail ticket purchased from debit card from udaipur to bandra terminus canceeled at falna station, they have issued tdr to us for refund due to pos machine not workingso on 28/08/2017 we have cancelled one tickets pnr no.[protected] dated29/08/2017noe 6months over no refund to received so plz. Check &do; the refund as fast as possible my mobile no.[protected] anil f. Jain, plz. Solve the matter &give; us our refund without any delay.   
 My name anil meena. I booked a online railway ticket in 12464 mandore super fast express on 24 january for my sister name - anita meena age 30. The ticket has been confirmed s3/20. 30 jaunuary is departure date.. On 29 my sister health become critical due to mentally pressure and her journey cancelled. For urgent work about court order one person had to go to delhi. I (Anil meena) went on 30 jaunuary and took my seat. When ticket collector came to check the ticket i told him all incident. He refused me to sit in s3 coach and said to go in general class. I said ok sir.Respected sir,  I don't know it was illegal or legal to travel on others ticket but as a humane i felt very bad because i booked the ticket i had my original id proof i had ticket.   
 Date :[protected]To, Central RailwayIndian Railway, Respected Sir,  Sub : Stopping of Express and Mail at Nagothane –	I would like to bring your kind notice that, the population of Nagothane is increasing day by day and the regular passengers from Nagothane to Mumbai in several locations daily for their job purposes, collages and some merchants are visiting for their regular business.	On Nagothane only 8 Passengers mails are having stop during whole day pls install Train timing indicatior and no Mail Express have given stop, hence during pick hours the people who want to go back to their homes are facing inconvenient. I want to add here that MIDC Zone of Nagothane also require the routine stop of Mail Express so as to enable to them to develop their business. Therefore, I request your honour to kindly look into the matter and sanction the permission of stopping Mail Expresses at Nagothane viz. 1)LTT-Mangalore Jn. Matsyagandha Express, 2)LTT – Trivendram Kochiveli, 3)Happa Madgaon Express, 4)Hajrat Nizamuddin – Ernakulam Jn., 5)Chandigarh – Trivendram – Sampark Kranti Express. Thanking you and awaiting for your favourable action in the matter.										Yours faithfully, 										(Rushikesh Bhoy)   
 I travelled by 16022 pnr:[protected] unreserved passengers had occupied our berths and they did not vacate too creating complete discomfort to me and my family. My aged parents were not able to have dinner nor sleep. We were unable to use tiolets due to choking crowds. Tte is not at all seen and not bothered to implement railway rule and regulations to those unreserved passengers. Please take action and control unreserved passengers from occupying reserved compartments. Please make railway journey a happy journey   
 Dear sir, myself hari, i travelled from chandrapur to hyd deccan in ap telangana express on 28th january (Sunday), i don’t have reservation ticket, but i have open ticket i was waiting for tc for long time but he did not come, after 7pm he came to the place and asking for tickets and i said i m ready to pay the fine amount for it, but tc is asking to come near the door and he asked me to give bribe of rs 500, he is asking to most of the passengers like this. This is really unfair at all. I am raising this complaint for everyone who was affected by this kind of issues. Please consider this complaint and take necessary action.   
 I have two times tickets book was both turn money out of the card. But tickets not booked. Please my money back to help go as quickly as possible. Screecnshot checked. I booked the tickets on 10th january2018. Transactions have been completed. My credit card deducted the payment. I did not get any response from irctc. I frequently mailed and called. I am sending you my transactions screenshots. Please checked and give me my refund.I send you my failed transactions id[protected][protected]And send you pdf of credit card statement.Your complaint no.: w/wr/adi/[protected]RegardsMonika[protected]Monika. Kabir@gmail.com   
 Sir/Madam, I have made an online payment of Rs.4511.80 towards irctc online ticket booking. 3 tickets of Tejas Express on 02/02/2018. After making payment I got error message- Unable to perform transaction, please try later[protected]. Requesting you to please credit the payment as the tickets are not booked and did not get any message from irctc   
 It is regular experience in jansatabdi exp mas-vijayawada that all reserved compartments are filled with unreserved passengers creating complete discomfort to me and my family. We are unable to use tiolets due choking crowds. Tte is not at all seen and not bothered to implement railway rule and regulations to those unreserved passengers. Please take action and control unreserved passengers from occupying reserved compartments. Please make railway journey a happy journey.   
 We were on all india tour today we reached banglore railway station at 7.00 am on 28.1.2017 and one ms anusurya ticket checker at exit point harassed and misbehaved with our girl students and taching staff of agricultural university kashmir after showing all the tickets and cocession forms she did nt listen and even we paid him 1750 as challan for nothing as we have got all the documents which latter on we showed to deputy manager railways at banglore while registring a written complaint.Kindly do the needful done   
 Dear sir,  As i am travelles 28/01/2018 in haripriya express bellary to hubbli i have an exam in hubbali s6 ticket collector is behaving very roodly he dosen't have any courtacy on ladies, here there is no seats availability and journel also full am standing in s6 comportnent ticket collector is talking and behaving v. Roodly please take complaint on him.   
 Dear sir, I, travelled from sugar to rewa by 12185 rewanchal express on 22-01-18. My ticket was conformed s4 05, i boarded the train, but in the night 01.30 am in s4 coach and there were several others in the coach who were having waitlisted ticket and many with ordinary unreserved tickets.While ticket collector tickets found after 12 pm train ticket date has been change as per tc guide line but no manction in ticket. Instead of alloting the vacant seats to the waitlisted passengers, he alloted the seats to ordinary ticket holders who handed him some monetary benefit. Seat no 1 of coach s4 is one such case. There were few more cases like that, though i 'm not able to recollect the seat nos. Correctly. When i noticed this, i questioned him his actions. But, he tried to evade himself by asking me to contact ticket conductor of coach no s4.in fact, i did contact him as well. But, both of them were not even ready to check the ticket (They didn't mark my presence in their charts). But, finally, after a long confrontation, he gave me one seat s4 03 no after that, no of seats got vacant at damoh but still he provided seats only to those who passed him monetary benefits.I was paid extra 450 rupees; i would plead some top officials to take serious actions against tc, not because i faced lot of inconvenience, but to better the system.My ticket details are as underTicket no: 000Pnr: [protected]Passenger names: vijay tiwariDate of travel:[protected]Train name: 12185 rewanchal expressHope we'll move a step forward.   
 I was comming from jhalawad to jaipur with my mom and younger brother.My mom was going at kota and i with my brother was travelling for jaipur.We collected our ticket from jhalwad station.We first of all departed from jhalwad to ramganj mandi station to catch train no 12465 (Ranthombhor express).Ticket collector came and she asked us for ticket we have tickets, she refused to accept the ticket and asked me to make full ticket of trian.Actually at the ticket window he gave us two superfast tickets and one ordinary ticket we are coming from jhalwad first time, there was no fault of us we have told that we are coming along at.We are travelling in the train please help us. Ir:08a44gm0289c1zjSsc:996421Vts:aoqccoro61   
 My bag is blue, green and black in colour it is a laptop type bag of america touresterI lost and theifed by someone near bina station by train indore to rewa train no. 11704 seat s4-32, while i am sleeping it was theifed by someone from my seat If someone got/find my bag contact me at [protected]It is theif by someone between bina and the next station of bina please find my bag sir i am very thankful for you   
 I went ndls for booking the tickets for three times and all time i found that half of the counters are closed during the working hours and due to this travelers are suffering a lot of difficulties in booking the tickets, they have to waste their time in those long lines. It took an hour to book the tickets for me because the line was so long. If there are vacancies then why don't they give jobs to the needy people?   
 Dear sir, My mothers handbag is stolen in the train 18029 near manmad on 25 jan 2017 s8 51 a lady carring child sat near to berth.in the handbag money, new pendrinve, mangalsutra, silver payal, cash, brush no police available in the entire train. We complaint to tt but he answered rubish. Please do something the unreserved travelers are regularly travel by reservation and no security there in the train. Please do the needful.Thanks   
 Barely bhuj express date[protected]. I am traveling with my husband from ajmer to bhuj in b1 coach but i have faced very bad situations in coach. Lot of diapers wrappers garbage on floor. When informed to attendant he said u have to suffer i can't do anything. Very bad smell of stool under the birth. Pillows and blankets are also not clean. Overnight journey intolerable smell n garbage.   
 Pnr – [protected]Doj – 02.07.2017Train number - 19041Prr receipt –[protected]Bdts to may (Mariyahu)I would like to infrom u that my sister has shifted to her native place with her husband, they travel on this sunday 02.07.2017 by train number 19041 bdts to ghazipur express, her husband has done the luggage of his goods……. From the bandra terminus for that they have taken the amount ofn rs 2100/- & gvn the receipt of rs 1266/-,... Total 5 quantity of luggage has been done from bdts to mariyahu... My sister destination is mariyahu & the luggage was booked from bdts to may only... Receipt number[protected]... After reaching mariyahu their luggage was not taken out from the train, till date they have not received their complete luggage...in mariyahu station nobody has taken any initiative to take out my sister luggage from train, station master is useless, he is talking veru rudely... He is saying this is not part of our job regarding luggage related, still my sister & her husband is worried for their luggage... I went to bandra terminus also they are saying that from here we have send the luggage our duty is over, they said me to wait for another 3 to 4 days... Nobody is proper responding nor giving me the proper feedback where my luggage is? Request u to take a necessary action to get my sister luggage at mariyahu station. I have already gvn a complain on tweet also.Pls. Do the needful.Await for ur reply...Regards, Akram shaikh[protected]Akramshk1@gmail.com   
 Hi This is the complaint regarding illegal passenger in sleeper coaches in train 16315 and 16316 both ways. People without valid ticket enter and create nuisance in the name of getting seat with ppl who have seat reserved. Conplained to all tte in almost all journey still no action If we are to adjust then there is no need for the reservation in train and i have complained in all railway forum and site still nogi   
 I am traveling ndls to ald train number 12418 pryag raj exp 22/01/2018 my seat is rac s 11 23 but passenger of s 11 47 seat number are not come. I told tc please give me 47 seat than her told me i give seat police escort because he safe the coach but finally, she sale seat another person for some rupee. I will kindly tell you please stop that type of corruption.Thanking you  
 Dear team, I already raised a complain (Ref no : s/er/hwh/[protected] on unauthorized entry of passengers in reserved coaches.I was travelling from barddhaman jn (Bwh) to malda town (Mldt), pnr no :[protected] (Class type: 2s) (Train no : 13011) on 16 jan 2018. Berth details : d1/57 and d1/60.As where the coach was not given (Neither in display board nor through announcement) before the arrival of the train we are not aware where the partciular coach will come.Once the train reached the station we (Myself and my wife) started running through the busy platform and luckily got the coach, but unable to enter into the coach as it was full with general passengers who doesn't have any reservation ticket.in front of our eyes one old passenger fell down to get into the train. However we reached our reserved seat post 10 mins entering the coach due to huge rush of unauthorized passengers.Post reaching the seat i asked the passengers occupying my confirmed seat to get up but he refused and we have to stand and request him. The whole compartment was supporting him because all are in the same ship (No one have reserved tickets).No tte / rpf staff was present in the coach and no one came to check our tickets. My question is if i am paying the extra amount to get the service from you why i am not getting it. Why we have to suffer so much in a journey. Requesting your assurance and help so that such situations should not happen and only authorized passengers should get into reserved coaches.Regards, Argha misra[protected]/[protected]   
 I am a publishers and distributors and i am booking the parcel no. L 991962 was booked 10 bundle books on[protected] from lucknow jn to agra cantt city has not been received yet, kindly help mob. [protected]Plz inform immediately My addresh - Spb publishers and distributora51 shiva ji marg heweet raodLucknow (226001)Mob. [protected]. [protected]   
 Today's bangalore-kochuveli (16315) express reached kyj at 6.45 am. It was held at the station up to 7.07 and malabar exp (16630) which was arrived later at 6.51 am was given signal to leave kyj first. Kochuveli express has only one stop before destination (Kollam). But the malabar express is having stops at karunagappally, sasthamkotta, kollam, paravur, varkala, kadakkavur, chirayankil, murukkumpuzha and kazhakkurram before corssing kochuveli station. Thus this foolish decision of the sm caused in the unwanted trailing of 16315 behind malabar express. Please take urgent necessary action against the officials who created this unwanted situation and inconvenience to the passengers. 16316 (Kochuveli - bangalore) is also used to trail behind nyj-kottayam passenger from kollam jn regularly.   
 I am suffering with jones fracture in left leg and was taken to borivali rpf office by kandivali rude very very rude rpf and from there i was asked to appear before magistrate within a months time because i travelled in handicapped coach. When i asked in which car should fractured people travel..in crowded time they replied ask to magistrate, we are hear to safeguard the complaints of handicapped people. Beautiful law that a fractured leg passenger should damage more by travelling in crowded car inspite of empty handicapped coaches.   
 My daughter meghna sahani book a hero pleasure and some house hold goods from pune to raipur (C. G) through bilty no 966304 dt[protected]. Scooter delivered to me but other goods is not received till date please register my complaint and do the necessary action i have tweetd this complaint to respected railway minister sir.I am enclosing copy of bilty. Please solve my problem.Thanks   
 Hi, I made railway booking for my wife from kanpur central to ndls, date of journey : 06.01.2018 through train no. 12003 but it got delayed more than 5 hr and i had to book another ticket from some other train for journey.Same day, i filed tdr for my current ticket and waiting for refund but yesterday i got mail that my tdr has hot repudiated due to wrong information.Pnr no: [protected]Date of journey: 06.01.2018Tdr filing date: 06.01.2018Indian railway can check their own record of train schedule, arrival & departure.Requesting you to open this case again and refund my amount.Regards, ShashikantMob no:[protected]   
 Callous people, monopoly making life horrible for indian citizens who use indian railway. On 17th january 2018 we boarded at sealdaha sdah railway station wanted to reach dehradoon ddn via new delhi ndls. Scheduled arrival time of sdah-ndls rajdhani express was 10.20 a. M. But the train delayed by 7 hours 50 minutes hence miss 15.20 ndls - ddn jan shatabdi express. Realizing that we are goint to miss the train from new delhi i tried to cancel the ticket and finally cancel it within poor mobile network on board. But irctc return only 00.00 rs becuse i cancelled it after the stipulated time. We loss money time and important appointment. Mr. Railway minister could you please explain why the things are worsened during your tenure. Don't mind 1st class rajdhani exp fare costs much more than economy class airfare. Earlier i traveled lot by rail and arrived my destination approximately within 1 to 2 hours late. But now a days it crosses all limits. Thank you indian railway.   
 I have confirm ticket of train 12322, journey date 18.01.2018, my pnr no. Is [protected]. I got an sms at 18.20 on 18.01.2018 that train is rescheduled and it's rescheduled time is 00.45am. I have planned to board from dadar station, according to rescheduled time, train suppose to come to dadar station at 00.57am. Now time is 01.33am. Just now i have inquired with rly. Officer and he told me that, train yet to start from cstm.My complain is, who assessed and rescheduled train, why exact time can't assessed by concern officer/s. Hundreds of the passengers are get harassed at station at midnight. Because of wrong assessment of reschedule of the train, what action has been taken against the concern officer/s   
 SirI had booked a discover motorcycle from, Asansol to ypr on 03/01/2018.The parcel office asansol, has no number, by which, i can track the parcel. They said, you will receive a call, to come & take the parcel. I had given all required details including phone numbers. No call came, after a few days i called ypr parcel office, nobody received the call. The next day as i went to ypr parcel office, i was charged 1786 as what?? No explanation from the officers. I asked, no information or call came from the railway parcel office? Reply was, we don't call anybody. So how would i know, whether the parcel has arrived or no. Due to no information from the railway, i had to pay rs. 1786. I have written a complaint at ypr station. I have all bills. I request a refund of the same, as it was not my mistake. Thanks. Allan forbes rundlett. Allanroni8@gmail.com[protected] / [protected]   
 As my family was traveled from vizinagram jn to chennai central by train no 22859 vide pnr no [protected] dt 15 01 2018 in b 2 coach (3 a/c.,)On board found the bed rolls were kept as used one.. O calling the coach attender and tte., shown the conditions of the blankets as used one with stains and hairs (Evidence of used ones) tte also advised him to look in to it.. But the attender replied ias his contractor at puri had send it to him to provide the same to the passenger as he is helpless..Where we are talking of clean india but the railway contractors trying spoil the image of railway as well hygiene of the passengers..The same was send thro the sms complaints but no any ack., as of now.. Why railway cannot punish the contractors as well as the respective officers are allowing them /negligence in their control as to play with the health issues/hygiene of the passengers..Will the form highlight the same to the respective dept/officials to resolve the issue by considering the passengers health.The same is seen on many of times hence this time highlighting to you as the tte., a are also helpless on this.. So to whom we have to highlight on travelling..Pl highlight appropriately to all the concerned officials to avoid such incident to others.. As to keep image of indian railwayWith concern Dsekar   
 Dear sir / madamI booked my ticket from dadar to ratnagiri on 02029/csmt krmi spl train at 00.45 am on 1st jan 2018. But train was cancelled and rescheduled on 1st jan 2018 at 10.00 am.Hence i cancelled my ticket & file tdr but till date i cant get my money back so please look in to this matter.Pleased find below the details. Train no. : 02029/csmt krmi splPnr no [protected]Transaction id: [protected]Cancellation id: [protected]Tdr transactions detailsTransaction id: [protected]	Train no./name: 02029/csmt krmi spl	Pnr no [protected]Date of journey: 01-jan-2018	Date of boarding: 01-jan-2018	Date of booking: 28-dec-2017From: dadar (Dr)	to: ratnagiri (Rn)	boarding: dadar (Dr)Resv upto: ratnagiri (Rn)	quota: general (Gn)	class: sleeper class (Sl)Ticket amount:375.0	ticket type:e-ticketPassengers detailsName	age	gender	status	coach id	berth no/ wl no Sadnand chava	 64	 male	 cnf	 s4	 9Tdr detailsReason for tdr: train late more than three hours and passenger not travelled.Tdr filing date: 01-jan-2018 02:02:35 hrs	tdr status tdr entered	Cancellation id: [protected]Tdr zone: konkan railway (Kr)   
 I was travelling with my two children on 12th january, 2018 in pushpak sf exp-12534. I had boarded the train at bhusawal junction and was travelling towards lucknow junction. While sleeping at midnight, i found out that my handbag had been stolen. Later after hours of search, g. R. P. Found my handbag in the washroom of a sleeper coach. All the valuables including rs.17000/- cash, a gold chain, a pair of ear-rings and a power bank went missing. I have already filed a f. I. R. Of the same with the g. R. P. I request the authorities concerned to look forward to this matter seriously and the guilty person to be found and punished.   

 Sir i travelling train no 12625 kerla exa chanderpur to bina my pnr no [protected] coach no 8 seat no 6 and 7 with my family at bhopal station one thift come to coach and kept my bag and felldown to running train. My beg color is browan in my beg rs 5700 is cash and my and daughtar cloth 6 dress my uid and voter card.So plz help me and return my beg and lagegsRamita meenaFlate no 102 puja marbelsMandi road ashok nagarMo [protected]   

 Hi team, My name is nitin gawali, i am from chandur railway (Amravati, maharashtra) and from past 30 years i am staying in chandur and its very difficult for me & peoples, no stopage of jabalpur-amravati express & amravati-ajni intercity express at my station and all trains are crossing by that route. Its my request to solve this prblm as early as possible or in next budget, atleast 1 train stopage shuld be thr, Hope for the bestThanks   

 I have boarded in vivek express 15905 from vijayawada bza to srikakulam che in sleeper class s2. Here situation is very pathetic. Almost 100s of ppl are sitting and standing. They are not having tickets also. They look very rude. We are not able to sir or board to our seat. Looping very dirty. Y they are boeing allowed in a sleeper class where people boooked for sleeping. This is like à general bogie only   

 On 11/12 jan.2018 night at about 23.45 hrs., stray dogs chased a cow on right side and other cow also chased by stray dogs, suddenly came running from leftside in front of my bike. I dashed the running cow and i falled on road. While i was getting up, group of 4-5 dogs attacked me and one of the caught my left leg. I got up and protected myself from them.  I visited railway hospital and got medical treatment including 2 injections. 2 more injections to be taken on 14 and 17th jan.18.  I request the authorities to control the unauthorised movement o animals cow and buffalows on road from danteswar area to tarsali ring road. The owners on these animals leave them on road in nights. Both animals and human ply on road at god's mercy. The animal owners know very well that the authorities donot check during nights so they leave cow and buffalows venturing on road. S. R. Varma. Srvarma69@gmail.com   

 When i was travelling to mumbai by aravali express on 09/1/18 my bag was stolen away in between 2:30 am to 4:40 am. The bag had valuable worth rs. 10, 000 along with my wallet which had my original ids, debit card and rs. 5500 cash. I informed the police personnel on train but he was not able to find anyone. I have also filed an fir but i have no updates regarding the same.Who is responsible for this? How can one consider themselves to be safe while traveling in such an environment?I want to claim compensation for my loss. Hope this will be considered seriously   

 I have booked a indian railway ticket details.Train no 15023 gkp-ypr expressPnr no [protected]Date 16.11.2017Transaction refund id [protected]Refund amount 1840. I have already contact to irctc they told your payment refund to your respect bank then we complaint to our bank they told us your payment no received from zaakpay bankPayment reference id zp55e141fe6f78aRefund date 17.11.2017

 I am ready for a long journey today but i am very unhappy and sad about the arrangements of indian railways. The cleanliness, maintenance, arrangements, wi-fi, and air conditioning of railway platform and waiting room have been very messy and poor experience. Ravi kant vermaPnr-[protected]Trn:12448Dt:[protected]Frm nzm to bnda   

 Train services are pathetic.. I recently travelled from poorvotar kranti from new delhi to allahabad in first ac and the train coach was filled with mosquitoes and the bathrooms were horribly untidy..Today am travelling from kanpur to allahabad and again the ac is not working.. The government needs to actually take serious steps to overcome these problems so that people do not lose confidence in their abilities and elect them again..   

 Dear sir, Pls refer the attachment, I cancelled my ticket vide pnr no. 610-1300455 for train no. 22801 dated 12-05-2017 but i still not yet received the refund amount which is supposed to be credited to my credit card account as i paid for ticket booking through my credit card. Pls look into the matter and resolve the issue at the earliest as its almost 60 days lapsed after cancellation. Thanking you, V v prasad   

 As per order by railway board circulation no. 59-ii. I have filled the tdr on 22/01/2017 but unfortunately till date i didn't receive my refund amount as i have already complaint before this but didn't response from your good office. So i once again filled the second complain with an anticipation to consider at the earliest possible regarding this other wise i will move to the consumer court.  Details:- train no. 12423. Doj 02/03/2017 from ntsk to ndls. Pnr [protected]. Class 3acTicket certificate no. 40368093Dnr 060317m17672   

 Trains are always delayed and informed late even online tracking system is in efficient. This time it's 12618 from kalyan dated 16/07/2017This result into more passengers waiting in platform and hence increasing the rush ad probability of more littering and unhealthy conditions caused by passengers.Also loss of time is a big deal if we value our time. Citizens could be more productive if they get good value for their time.   

 We was traveling through punjab mail train no 12138, pnr no [protected] from bathinda to new delhi. We have two child one is anshika yadav 8 years and anirudh 4 years which are without ticket. Tte asked us the ticket for children then we told them please make the ticket. Tte told us to give 200 rs and settle the matter. The same was deny by me. When i asked their identity they slapped me and threatening me to put up in jail. The location for the same was bridge near to coach no s7 at plateform no 3. To harrase me they charge the ticket of four child by write it as five year child when i again argument for the same they beat me and also they didn't give me policy for fine charge. The ticket no given by tte is 854926 and ticket charge was 940. My name is baljeet yadav and my contact no is [protected] and email id baljeetiitm9@gmail.com.It is requested please take necessary action please.   

 Today 15th june 2017. Taken fine by cheating in train no 22610 intercity expressTaken extra fare and billed the fine with another train no.16603,. Real fraud done by the ttr today.. Actualy fine charge was 265. And billed for 390..I confirmed the fine charge from the station and they told me its 265. So please take necessary action against todays ttr of train no 22610 intercity express. Bill no aaagm0289ca19   

 Please increase the height of the platform.. The height of the entrance of the train is above the platform, so to get in the train every traveller has to climb 2 steps to get in the train and vice versa... So its quite difficult for old age passengers... The height of the platform should be equal to the height of the entrance of the train..And also the entry and exit are too small   

 Pnr no. [protected], train no: 12438, ranchi rajdhani, d. O. J : 08.07.2017 — food served in ii ac shall have provision of food for diabetic passenger also. — cleanliness of coach & toilet was not done even once during the journey period. Liquid soap at toilet was not available at ranchi (Starting station).Name: kanaklata naresh, mob: [protected].   

 I recently bought tickets for 3ac in ranchi-new delhi garib rath and to my surprise the berth allotted was sm. Never came across this sort of berth in any other trains in india. How can you sit in day time if you have sm allocation? And i'm 6 feet tall how could i adjust in the side middle berth. I could guess it gonna be a terrible journey :- (Garib rath still continues with the side middle berth, which is a pain to travel, especially during day time   

 Dear concern, I want to inform you that, i have travel from amritsar to jalandhar by rail on 14-july-2017. We book 3 ticket in senior block. My seat in rain booked for mail express but by mistake we sit in another train that is also for amritsar to jalandhar. We never know regarding these mistake later on tt that is women who make challan for 3 passenger that is wrong we have taken ticket but we never know we are in wrong train we are senior citizen, i requested her she make new ticket for superfast by never listen anything and charge more amount rupees/- 795 from us.   

 Sir aapke department hamare sath dhoka kiya h. Mere papa ne 2 shadi kiya h. Pahli biwi meri mom h. Hum log bachpan se alag rahte h. Court mai kess chalu h. Hum 2 bhai h. Par mere papa ne dusre biwi ke ladke ko vrs job diya h.1saal se jo ki wo ladka unlegal h. Aapke department ne bina koi inqruy ke use job diya h. Mai court se apil karuga mujhe aur mere mom ko sahi adhikar mile.   

 I travelled bhuj to surat on 12th july by bhuj pune express (11091). It was my worst experience of 2nd ac coach ever. It was uncleaned, ac was not working properly, staff was making fun of travellers in "marathi" as there were gujarati travellers, look of coach was so dirty, there was no charging point for side seats, no paper roll in toilet... I was really upset with all these things. As i have paid an actual charge for 2nd ac, i got third class service. My pnr : [protected]Coach : a1Seat : 45   

 The chairmanIndian railwaySubject:- complaint cum noticeSir,  I have booked tickets from kirti nagar railway station new delhi on january 1, 2017 for travelling to shri huzoor sahib with family. I did the payment using debit card of my wife mrs gurpreet kaur. Later the tickets were not confirmed so i cancelled the tickets before one day of the travel. Its been seven months and several requests made but till date i have not got the refund back. I would treat this as a case of cheating against me and this letter should be treated as complaint cum notice. The consequences will be depending upon your response thereafter.The copy of ticket deposit receipt is attached.Thanking you, Yours faithfully, Jatinderpal singh1/216, subhash nagar, new delhi-110027   

 Dear teamI booked my 2 ticket dated 10/07/2017 which transaction id is 100000904864606 and 100000904874416 471.36+1261.94 rs. Total amount is 1733.3 paid by debit/ credit/ net banking powerd by paytm options and after i cancelled my there ticket dated 13/07/2017 cancel id is 100000172412696 and 100000172412692 which total refund amount 210+970 which total refund amount is 1180 rs.But its amount is not yet credited in my paytm wallet or bank account. So please refund my cancel ticket amount.Thank you   

 I have booked a ticket in train no. 12936 on 8/07/2017 with journey date as 09/07/2017 in ac chair car pnr no.-[protected], transaction id-[protected] with confirmed status from surat to bandra terminus. When i reached at surat rly. Station & waiting for sms for intimation regarding coach no & seat no. When checked for status found that showing the status as wl-2, 3. When approached to rly enquirey, i was told that due to problem in coach status is changed. How ever i purchase the general coach tickets vide no-m[protected] &15147421 for an amount of rs. 210/- & travelled with lot of physical problem & mental agony. After that got a sms for refund of money as rs. 750/- for cancelled ticket while ticket was purchsed with an amount of rs. 880/- It is kindly requested to arrange the refund of full amount as rs. 880/-+210 with a cost of harrasment as rs. 5000/-from railway/irctc   

 I have booked ticket from irctc site from surat to varanasi travel date 07 july 2017.The train reached at vindhyachal station on time at the time when i alight at vindhyachal sttation the ravel ticket examiner catch and asking for the ticket i showed them ticket then asking for the adhar card i showed them the adhar card of 2 persons and scan copy of adhar card of my wife he said no it is not valid and sitted us for 3 hours asking for money first said 2000 and then 5000 and then 15000 also saying that you are travelling without ticket even i showed them the ticket.At a side modi g saying no currupyion here indian railways ravel ticket examiner asking for the curroption. Please look to this   

 Six cartoon boxes (Pnr: 2004-962508) and one two wheeler (Pnr: 2004-964207) (Honda cb shine - jh05bq9382) were loaded at tata junction on 09/07/2017 at approximately 3:30 p. M.in tata-allepy express (Train no: 18189) to chennai central (Mas). The above parcel items are supposed to be unloaded in mas station on 11/07/2017, but it was not unloaded, whereas after inquiry at mas on 12/07/2017 at 8.00 a. M. I (Dr. Rajesh c m) came to know that the parcel items were gone to the last destination (Allepy). Please note the above complaint and take necessary action immediately, so that i receive the parcel at mas station as soon as possible.  This type of careless/irresponsible work by the corresponding railway is really creating a miserable problem to the public. I request the person who is incharge of all these to take necessary action and to come with a proper solution for these type of problems faced by the public.RegardsDr. Rajesh c m   

 @sureshpprabhu sir the train no 12414 from jammu (Jat) to ajmer (Ali) never reaches on time at rajgarh (Rhg), bandikui (Bki), dausa (Do) and gandhi nagar (Gadj) stations. Train daily detarts right time from rewari (Re) junction but never reaches on scheduled time at above mentioned stations. Since it is a super fast train, but there is no priority for this train. Railway only charges extra money on the name of super fast service. Every day this train stops at alwar (Awr)/mahwa (Mww)/malakhera (Mkh)/dhigawara (Dgw) for more than 30 min.The train always reaches 30 to 45 min late on rajgarh, bandikui, dausa and gandhi nagar railway station.Please instruct the divison to care about this train as it is a super fast train   

 I am gaurav chauhan (Pnr:- [protected])Taveling in 12955) date :- 11.7.17& buying food thali in a train. There is no papad / sweet on the thali, no manager avalible at there. No serving person in the train.& taken a full amount from all passengers.Some one guys only handling the same & he is organised whole train. How it is possible better service ny 2 to 3 person for better services of passenger, Take immediate action & reply to us   

 Name: rahul ingleUsername : roingle Description : i tried to book tickets from nagpur to pune for date 16/10/2017. Payment was successful but not received any tickets. This happen two times. Total amount debited is ₹7313.60. Need immediate refund as i don't have any money to book any tickets again.I need immediate refund for this.   

 Train 12561/12562 jyg-ndls is running late daily average 8-10 hours either in winter or summer doesn't matter.This train not reached destination on time in a single day we are facing lots of problem during this situation.Train is treated as superfast express and we are paying charge of superfast which is not the ideal case.Please review this train timing and reason for running late daily.   

 Sir, on 07.07.2017 through on line i booked 3 a/c birth for me (Ravi n mukherjee age-68yrs & my wife) in train no-18615, d oj - 06.10.2017 immediately fair of rs.1125.80 was debited from my i. C. I. C. I account vide bil/[protected]/[protected]) but neither said pnr was received nor any report came to me, immediately i lodged similar type complain lodged but neither my said amount was refunded / credited to me nor any reply came till today, please look in to this matter and refund my said illegal debited amount of rs.1125.80 immediately, ravi n mukherjee, advocate9   

 I am travelling from bandra terminus to jaipur in 19297 on 11 july 2017.Someone stole my bag in which my phone xoloq600s was there my wallet was in the bag and a power bank i immediately called 182 but no answer from them so i tweeted suresh prabhu and railway ministry of india in my wallet i had my driving license college id cards 400 cash. After the tweet i tried to block my vodafone number which was stolen but couldn't able to make call so i asked my friends at jaipur to get in touch with vodafone. They informed me that in order to block the sim i have to present a copy of fir at store. I am currently travelling in train so at present vodafone is not blocking my card my sling bag is missing with a power bank, my other phone, and my wallet which had 400 raand my id cards and my driving license in it.   

 This is on behalf of all the regular passengers in barasat local and the other affected ones. I required to go for coaching from bidhannagar road station and i returned by barasat local that departs from sealdah at a time of about 8:45 p. M. Which is not the expected time. When it comes to dumdum junction station at delays for an average of more than 10 minutes. This is felt as a kind of harassment by the passengers who return to their homes. One of the regular passengers tell that the only solution for this is violence which the passengers should do by throwing stones and no solution can be brought by any formal request. And the number of trains and the space inside trains is extremely small to adequate the large and huge crowd it is a need to increase the number of trains. If no solution can be brought by such formal request then i would also be the believer that violence by passengers would solve the problem and not the formal request.   

 On 8 july train no. 13152 i am travelling from jammutawi to shahganj junction by 3ac sir the ac in not properly work then i compalin to attender. The attender was doing misbehave with all passenger if u want then ask any passenger from b1 coach. Then after i complain from tte which from northern railway lucknow name g. S. Yadav also misbehave that what can i do for ac is not work.Sir i demand that give me complain form then attender and tte is tell no complain form.Please sir take action for this misbehave both attneder and tte.Attender name - pitho majhi id no. 000216/16P. F. No. 05523783And tte name - g. S. Yadav from lucknow northern railway Train no. -13152Coach no. - b1 3acMy pnr no.[protected]   

 Train no. 12266 jammu delhi-duronta expNo pantry service for sleeper class. Waiting for next station to fetch something to eat, train stops directly in ludhiana, and it departed just after 2 mins of stoppage time. To cope up with overall timings, they stood up to the level which is highly unacceptable.Contacted to travelkhana or other irctc food services, but no response yet and finally had some water and slept.   

 I am 73 year old senior citizen. On 07-07-2017, i was traveling in pune - nzm duranto express train no-12263, compartment no a1, seat no 43. Govind navale. My 30, 000 rupees cash and two atms (Sbi and bank of maharashtra) were robbed. From those two atms further rs 55, 000/- has been taken by the unknown robber. Two passenger boarded in the same train seat no 44, 46- a1 in rtlam and kota. I have strong doubt that they robbed it. I was traveling to rhushikesh to attend the satsang of swami govinddev giri. Now i am in rhushikesh. Here the police is saying that he can not accept fir due to jurisdiction.in pune my son is also facing the same problem. Now the criminal is moving free. He has withdrawn 20, 000 rupees from atm, in noida, where his face is recorded. But now this legal problem of jurisdiction is giving safe passage to criminal. He instead of me is protected in this way by our legal system. Please help me.   

 Please refer my complain as on 21 may 17. An amount of rs 430/- has not yet been refunded into my bank acct after cancellation of ticket. Ticket was booked from varanasi jn to pulgaon. Ticket no was 98969314 dated 23 mar 17. Pnr no was 626 2920479. Train no 12792 secundetabad exp. After expiry of approx four months amt has not yet been credited. Its very bad shows and also ir-responsibilities of indian railway. It was electronic refund and booking clk told refunded amt will be credited into ur bank acct. Railways making a fool to the public and developing the corruptipn. In view of the aforesaid, pl return back my amt in my acct otherwise i will be totally independent to go into the required forum for justification at any cozt.   

 Unauthorised travelling by more than 100 people, no water in toilets, coach not cleaned... Facing problems in travellingVery bad experienceWe have complained by calling 138 to railway department but there is no action taken in time...There will be family travelling and seats has been reserved months back... This is not a service we expected from the current government12510-s6 pnr[protected]   

 Pnr:[protected], train:12022, doj:09-07-17Dear sir/madam i travelled with the above ticket on barbil howrah jan shatabdi express form tata to howrah. The train reached howrah at 22.00 hrs where as the scheduled arrival is 20.50 hrs. All the sites that give train running status are showing that the train reached howrah station at 21:05 hrs. This is highly misleading stuff for people who will undertake a second train journey. Also i have been travelling on the same route on the same train for two times a month. Every time i find that the arrival time at howrah station is quite different from the actual one.   

 Quality of seat in railway specially side lower seat is very bad. Nobody can sleep on them. As we all know we have joint two part of seat to make it suitable for sleep. But past many journey i have noticed that both part of seat not at same level. So it's very uncomfortable to sleep on them.Hight is also a issue in them. A person like me with hight of 5'10 ft. Not able to sleep on it.Kindly do needful.   

 I had booked parcel (Bicycle) on 2-7-2017 from vijayawada railway station to chennai (Egmore) station with prr no. [protected]. Till now my parcel is not yet loaded from the source station. This information i came to know when i checked online status. Please make necessary action to load my bicycle. Because it was already 1 week past. With regardsLakshmi a gMob: [protected]   

 On 07.07.17 9 am - Beach to Tirumalpur train no. 40701 departed on going to Tirumalpur at 9am from Chengalpattu RS and reached Palur station at 9.20 am. In Palur station, this train detained upto 10.20 am without any announcements by Palur station and reached Kancheepuram east stn by 10.50 am. The schedule time to reach at Kancheepuram is at 9.35 am, 1 hour 15 minutes late. A lot of inconviniences to daily official commuters to Kancheepuram to attend offices. On enquiry it is noted that one Container train was standing in one line at Walajabad to carry goods, hec3 crossing of two trains was not possible at Walajabad RS. It is to say here that Railways started its goods carrying business without any additional arrangements and detaining passenger trains more than hours. Please note that the indiscipline is too high. Higher Authorities have to solve this issue else it will be taken up with highest officials of Indian Railways.   

 Hi, right now I m in Shramjeevi express, it's such a bad experience to be here in the 3rd AC compartment of the train, it's B3 n the last coach after the guard of the train, u can understand the condition.. no water is available in the train, from noon no vendor came for tea or coffee as it is the last coach n it is not linked to other coaches, the worst thing is that water supply is too bad n the water which is there is so dirty that it can cause infection. I don't understand why Indian railways are not providing can good services when they r taking a good amount for it. Today how much difficulty we faced we only knew as there was no platform for us to reach the coach it was outside he limit of the platform, plz tell me that I m having an injury in my leg now a n I have a baby also was it possible for us to run with the luggage, to reach the coach? N what next, no water in summer, how to get water when the coach is not reaching on any station platform n no vendor is coming. I have experienced these type of worst services before also. Indian railways needs improvement.   

 Respected sir i regret to inform you that i nanda ashokkumar bhutada had been travelling in train no 11057 with ticket pnr no [protected] in coach b-2. My bags had been theft by someone in between h nizamuddind and new delhi time app 5.45 am on 08/07/17. The bags description black bags, red wheel, steel lock, red woolen lace, red satin lace tagged at handle.Kindly help me out in this regard   

 Sir, I booked my vehicle (CG 04 LF 7782) on 01/07/17 from Raipur Jn. (R) to deliver it to Gorakhpur Jn. (GKP). I got a message from railways that my vehicle was loaded on 05/07/17 in train no. 18201 with PRR No. [protected] but my vehicle was not unloaded in gorakhpur and its status is unknown. I tried to contact the officials in parcel office but they didn't gave any answer. Please help me to find out my vehicle. My contact number is [protected]. Thank you in anticipation.   

 Sir, I am still not received one motorcycle(R/NO.MN-04B-3173) and two luggages out of eight items which booked on 20 april 2017 from Guwahati To Haridwar JN through Indian Railways parcel Booking office(Booking ticket no.is 320157) please help me...my contact no. Is [protected] I'm already complaint to Haridwar Railways parcel booking station but no any replies from Railways Parcel Booking office till date help me please...   

 Sir, i am 68 years aged heart patient have booked online for two 3-a/c birth in train no - 18615 for 06.10.2017 on 07.07.2017 at 8.37 a. M (When 81 numbers of birth are available) through my i. C. I. C. I bank account wher a sum of rs. 1126.00 was debited vide transaction i. D no - [protected], but neither i got any detail including p. N. R number neither in my given mobile no-[protected] nor i got any massage in my mail add - ravmoo.201@gmail.com, you are requested to do the needful and reply / updates about the said booking immediately, due to your poor & negligent service i am in very much in stress. Waiting for your early reply. Ravi n mukherjee, advocate. Jharkhand high court, ranchi   

 Dear sirRight now I am traveling at train 12808 I am on B1/63. As I have traveled alot of time, I always got a meal from the train which is included in my ticket but I just paying for it. Kindly look into this what is the issue of this .Then what is the fun of getting a ticket of high amount.Plz look into this and confirm me if an wrong in this matter.I paid 2000 approx for this journey but I'm getting nothing from this kindly look into this.   

 PNR [protected], Train:12076. Date of travel 02/07/2017,  booking date - 30/06/2017, Number of passengers - 4nosfor the above online booking from Trivandrum to Kochi my account was twice debited for the amount of INR 428.69. Kindly refund the excess amount charged, to my account.Kindly register the complaint and credit the amount to my account. Otherwise if any procedure to be followed let me know at the earliest   

 Pnr[protected] — food provided was half baked rotis, very cold and irctc did not provide complaint book. He comes to the first ac at 11pm in the night. Food is not served in plates even when asked for. Pnr[protected] — again food provided very cold and night dinner was served after 9.30pm and that too very cold and did not respond to bring the complaint book. When i went to the pantry car for writing the complaint, the supervisor refused to hand over the complaint book. Hence complaint had to be made with the tt. Even attendent in the first ac coach does not help in getting the pantry car manager to get the complaint book.   

 SIR, I lost my Power Charger ( Power Banks) during the Journey from Kozhikode to Trivandrum, the same is with me at Kollam station, i think it is lost between the station from Kollam to Trivandrum lost in Train and the details are as follows:PNR : [protected], Train NO:12081, DOJ : 03.07.2017, From Kozhikode To Trivandrum, COACH : C2 45, NAME :Deepesh, PH: [protected]   

 Sir, I m traveling from howrah to New Delhi, my pnr no is [protected], at Patna station, 3 people one of them was from Bihar police, were found sitting on my seat, I requested them to vacant my seat but they denied. At the same time no tte was found, sir or maam this is condition of ac compartments. I even can't explain about sleeper class. My seat no is 55 in compartment b1 train no is 13007 and name is u a toofan   

 I am a doctor by profession & frequently travel by HWH-BBN Janshatabdi exp (12021 UP/ 12022 DN). It is the only train connecting Howrah-Barbil, but recently for  last 6 (six) months we have faced few problems:-(1) The down train (12022) reached to Howrah everyday late by 1-2 hours on an average. It had become a regular practice and very difficult for all the passengers especially for senior citizens / ladies / kids when it reached Howrah at about 11 / 11-30 pm at night.(2) Although it is a 'Shatabdi' group train and fare is much higher than the normal exp / superfast exp, but the seats of AC coaches / toilets & food quality is not up to the mark.(3) If train stoppage timing is increased to 3-4 mins at Noamundi instead of 1min, it will be helpful for a good no. of passengers, especially senior citizens.   

 Today at purulia station when i cut my ticket, in ticket counter i gave fare of 10 rupees (Consisting of small 1 rupee coin 5 pice & a 5 rupee coin) at 5:30pm the older lady who was sitting in the counter refuse to take my 1 rupee coin although the govt. Stictly told that the coins are valid. She told me to stand in side untill my coin is given to another passenger. She misbehaves with me..   

 There is no water supply in our train Kamakhya Gandhidham express from 12 hours.We got water at 8am for the last time and now it is 8 pm .We often complained to.TT, he heard it but took no steps We have crossed many a big stations e.g.Mughalsarai, Lucknow, KANPUR but there was no initiative from INDIAN RAILWAYS.All the passengers along with my aged parents are being suffered for it.Please do something   

 I am an indian & following rules & regulations of govt. Of india. I want to suggest our mumbaiker rail mininster prabhuji not change mathematics of half plus half equals one. If i booked 2 half tickets for long journey through indian railways by paying full one ticket charge i will not get one sleeper for my 2 kids. I have to pay more for one half ticket. Hey kay prabhuji! Pl dont change your rule for half ticket but pl change it for 2 half tickets to give them one sleeper atleast.. I am not asking for myself but for all 125crore deshvashiyo ke liye. Once again pl change your new rule as u dont want to cheat indian passengers.   

 I booked 5 ticked for me and my family members on 2nd June 2017 from katra to new delhi and the boarding date would be on 3rd July-2017. Its showing 4 to 15 waiting. which may confirmed till 3rd July. now when the time comes its show that out of 5 passengers only 3 sets are showing as RAC and rest 2 is waiting. i called to ITCTC customer services care and they are saying that i have to cancelled my ticket by my own and i have not internet connection. its so frustration that if my seat are not confirmed how would i travelled with my half family. then i called ITCTC to get the refund so they are saying that they would not processed my refund. its really a big loss almost 5 thousand i lost. please check and let me know. if it possible to get the refund. coz its my hard earn money.PNR-[protected]   

 Ticket not booked money deductedDear Team, I have booked five tickets from saharanpur to Ananadpur sahib with Train no.12063 / HW UHL LINK JSHT on[protected]. My money has deducted from my PNB Bank account of amounting Rs. 656.50/- for tickets .But ticket not booked.It is showing failed transaction but money has been deducted from my account Transaction id:[protected] . pls refund my money and revert me back asap .Thanks & RegardsDeepak chananaM. No. [protected]   

 UTS 12H1BV3004 YTSK, R.K. travels Bari more Sarai, H.C. Sen marg chandni chowk Delhi 6. Taking unfair extra money from passengers on general tickets. For eg. If ticket is of 15rs then instead of charging rs 15 plus re.1 comm. They are taking 17 rs. If customer resist to pay their reply is that" yha se itne ka hi milega jha se kam ka milta h lelo". Please take appropriate action against such YTSK.   

 I have applied for reservation from Jodhpur to Mangalore via Mumbai. But reservation counter gave me two different tickets from Jodhpur to Mumbai and Mumbai to Mangalore with full charges of each ticket. He did not give me charges of direct express trains which is less compared to two different charges. When i asked to him why he did not give me via Mumbai ticket, he said that is not possible, railway have stopped giving such tickets. I have done many tickets like that. But here that official refused to give. Officer name- Bhaskar Giri PM. Station- Palam (PM).   

 I would like to inform you that i have booked a train ticket from howrah to yashwantpur in howrah duranto express. Booking dt - 08.06.2017, travelling dt- 05.07.2017. 1 srctz male & 1 srctz female. Total amt charged - 4420.00 but actual amt should be 3525.00. total rs. 895.00 charged extra. I request to refund the extra charged amount i.e; rs. 895.00Pnr no - [protected]Documents enclosed .   

 Respected sir,  I namely Mr. N. Anand booked four items I.e. One motor cycle, three are house hold items on 01/07/2017 at old Delhi parcel office in train no. 14056 Bhramaputra express with pnr no. [protected]. But out of four only one item received and another 3 house hold till not received. Request take suitable necessary action for early deliver to me which is very necessary at home please.Thanking you.RegardsMr. N. AnandDibrugarhASSAM.   

 Train from NIZAMUDDIN TO MADGAON was late by more than three hours on 23.06.17 and I have filed TDR regarding same.Below message displayed in TDR history and amount not refunded.Reason For TDR: Train Late More Than Three Hours and Passenger Not Travelled.TDR Filing Date: 24-Jun-2017 03:23:30 HRS	TDR Status CR Repudiate	Cancellation ID: 100000168932679TDR Zone: KONKAN RAILWAY (KR)	 	 Reason for TDR Registration Failed: Invalid TDR Timestmap : DELAY Indian railways cheating genuine complaints and not responding favorably to genuine customers.Please do the needful   

 •	Hi Sir, Greeting!!!I was booked ticket from Udaipur to H NIZAMUDDIN(NZM) and train was cancelled on dated 23/06/2017 after 15 days still i have not received any refund. My PNR no. is [protected], Transaction ID is [protected], date of journey was 23rd Jun 2017. I have tried to connect to customer care no. but number is working & response of the 139 is also poor.Request you please look into this & provide the refund of the amount.   

 I was booked my luggage from BRKA to UMB in 18101 on 26 Jun 2017 against buity Number 687729 but the same has not reached Ambala when i enquired the same from Ambala Parcel department they replied that your luggage is moved out to Jammu and again re-loaded from Jammu but again the same was not reached Ambala and now they dont know the present status of my luggage. I request you plz give the directions to railway department and myself and plz give me the solution.   

 I went for summer vacation to my parents in Jamshedpur from 19th to 30th June, 2017 and was coming back for Varanasi. I caught Tarain no. 12875 ih.e. Neelanchal express in the mid night of 30th at about 1.00 p.m [the date became 01.07.2017 in 2ac seat no 24]. I was having two brief cases with me . When I reached Varanasi by 1.15 pm approx. and I came back home and get busy in my daily work. In evening by 9.30 pm I started un packing my briefcases then I saw that there is a long cut in one brief case and my two plastic boxes wherein in one box there was gold jewellery of Rs.3.20 lacs and in another box there was artificial jewellery of around Rs.20, 000 and cash of Rs.42000 is missing. Culprits succeeded in steeling [chori karna] those boxes. Safety and secuirity of passengers travelling is the responsibility of Railway. Please lodge my FIR and besides investigating the case, I should be compensated for the loss occurred.I am really suprised on the government system of railway that in presence of attendant and TT in ac compartment how any one can do such type of act which is very risky and un exceptable.I want to question to the misnistry of india about the security of the passengers in railway.regardskomal[protected]   

 I am not be able to cancel one berth under PNR [protected] which is in the name of Mrs Sushila Singh Female, 65 Years, as the same PNR shows seized PNR and not be able to cancel it.I have consulted officer at Yamuna nagar railway staion and they have diverted the query to IRCTC because ticket has been issued by IRCTC.Its being more than 10 calls to IRCTC customer care but they are not able to assist me whys the same PNR has been seized.Request you to kindly look into it and assist. Regards, Rupesh kumar, Mob. [protected]   

 Sir, i had booked railway ticket for Dadar to Amravati-bytrain no.12111 for 21 may 2017 ticket no.56398444 and Amravati to Dadar by 12112 for 24 may ticket no.56398445. By electronic payment debit card no. ending 4383 .And on 18 may 2017 the same both to and fro reservation CANCELLED at nallasopara station reservation counter. but yet to receive my refund could pse check and inform to me and help me to get refund. Thanking You   

 Thanks for partial suggestions of past in menu card in each cubicles to save passengers from exorbitant charging of food articles by vendors, as no cash memos are given to customers even today. The menu chart is pasted in compartment' entry, not in each cubicle, the price column has been intentionally scratched, needless to indicate the culprits, the vendors. I had suggested earlier also that the pantry management should be made responsible to maintain the intact menu card display in each cubicle, should be monitored by Ray. Authority with strictness. I could provide the image of the scratched menu card of B3 coach.   

 PNR No. [protected]: Train Late More Than Three Hours and Passenger Not Travelled. TDR filled on 8th Dec 2016 at IRCTC website. But it is not refunded till now. Lot of communication made in this regard but no proper reply. IRCTC told it is the case of Indian Railway and EASTERN RAILWAY is the concerned zone which will deal with this case. IRCTC forwarded this case to EASTERN RAILWAY. Eastern Railway is not picking my calls and not interested to resolve the issue after lot of emails from my side.   

 I was provided RAC ticket which didn't get confirmed even after chart preparation. I am travelling with 3yr old baby Ansh. Railways never cared to confirm tickets and travelled with one berth B2-31 in train 11062 with PNR [protected] at 5am on 4July 2017. I want to claim theft insurance from Royal Sundaram as soon as possible. Reported on travelling at 8:15 am on 5th July 2017.   

 Resp Sir, I booked my parcel from cuttack railway parcel office on 17 June 2017 with prr no [protected].from cuttack to katni murwada.Till date my parcel is not received & when I contact them, they said we were contacting .same answer was said last 15 days.my all house hold goods in this parcel & I bring my family & suffering a heavy problem. So please solve my problem. Thanks sir.   

 Sir, Today i. E., 04.7.2017 in the morning at about 7:40 am all the passengers were waiting for the 17023, thungabhadra express coming from sec'bad at platform no.2. The platform no.2 was already occupied by a goods train. Platform no. 3 is occupied by the venkatadri express.in this last minute announcement the kachiguda railway staff have changed the arrival of the thungaghadra express from platform no.2 to platform no.4. By this announcement, the passengers waiting like elderly persons, physically handicapped persons and other are felt very discomfort to take steps up and down to reach the platform no.4 with laggaguage and children. This should have avoided, if it was properly managed. Kindly take action for this last minute changing of platform. Thanking you.   

 Me Rajendra pareek I have atrain from renigunta to cheenai egmore train no.07324 pnr no.-[protected] dated on 29/06/2017 which scheduled departure was 8:25 but when i enquired on irctc site at 7:30 morning they show me it was 1hour 28 minute late and rescheduled departure is at 9:53 but when me & my friend reachead station at 8:45 and enquired the enquiry person told me that it already depart at 8:40 and also told me that they are not responsible for any online wrong information provide to you now i am totally shocked and depressed because i have my flight from cheenai to kolkata at 2:50 pm by spice jet SG-278 PNR-SG-169CVS. so i take a bus ride from tirupati to cheenai but unable to reached on time and miss my flight due to some important work at kolkata i take another flight of indigo at 18:55 PNR -P6U5JL and bear extra expenses of Rs.-9000 and same by my friend Sanjay kumar baid also due to wrong information by your end so i just want justification. so kindly i request you to please do theneedful asap.   

 The parking agent at kozhikode railway station plat form no.4 has charged me rs.10/- instead of rs.5/- for parking my 2 wheeler upto 2 hours. He also insulted me by saying that they will collect the rate as per their norms only. The above rate i mention is as per the rate published by a leading newspaper. Now i request you to kindly clarify the rates   

 Hello Sir, I am Ashish Jain lives in Bhopal MP. For travelling from Sagar to Bhopal, I done my reservation in Rajyarani Express (Gadi No.22162) at D-2 coach, sheet no. 33 and 34 on 2 july 2017 for me and my wife . On the journey day 02 nd July, when I enter at my coach, someone theft Rs.40000 at my pocket. It was the huge crowed on the coach.Suddenly, I informed to TC about my theft and told, why this unreserved people are enter in this coach. TC was not accepting his fault. When peoples make pressure, he informed GRP police. At bina station, I registered my complaint (FIR).If TC Stopped to enter unreserved people at the coach, this incident was not happen. I am sending copy of ticket and FIR copy. Kindly registered my complaint and give me justice.      

 Hi, I took train 15203 (Pnr [protected]) on 30st oct from mfp but train was late without reason and bad planning and running by rail staff and reached lucknow around 3 hrs late at 3:59 pm on 31st oct. Due to this i missed my shatabdi 12003 (Pnr [protected]) for gzb at 3:35pm on 31st oct. This happened only due to railway bad planning and delay the train without any reason. So request you to refund the amount of rs3195/- asap.Waiting for quick and positive response. — Thanks n regardsKumar jyotiM: +[protected]E: kumarjyoti2478@gmail.com   

 I booked a ticket from reservation counter on 16 oct 2017 and after chart ticket remain waitlisted. After which i went to surrender the ticket and get my refund but unfortunately standing in queue for half an hour counter went out of service and i have to cancel my ticket online. After that i called customer care where i was informed that refund cab be taken in 3 days. But when i went to reservation counter they refused. I have raised 2 complaint on railway website but with no result. Complaint are closed without appropriate action. Please help me   

 Tdr number:[protected]Pnr : [protected]Tdr filing date: 29-sep-2017 23:28:42 hrsReason for tdr: train late more than three hours and passenger not travelled.Rain no./name: 04405/dbg dli specialDate of journey: 29-sep-2017Boarding: gorakhpur jn (Gkp)I have to file tdr as the train was delayed for more that 13 hours with no surity when it will start. Had filed the tdr but yet not action has been taken for refund   

 My son sandeep agnihotri along with his his wife mamta planed return journey to mumbai after diwali holiday by booking e tickets for the train no 121514 from habibganj on 27th oct. Pnr no : [protected], confirmed seat no a1-4 & a1-6Unfortunately they could not board the train due to the faulty information display system at the habibganj railway station as well as on the train bogie. The detail of the incident is as follows;We reached habibganj station at 17.55 hrs. On time. We sat on the platform no 2 where the train was schedule for departure at 18.20 hrs.•	the bogie of the train on platform no 2 was wrongly displayed agra to habibganj instead of habibganj to ltt.•	there were no announcements made on the platform regarding departure of train. •	the train number 12151 on the platform was not displayed Soon after the departure, when the train moved out of the platform then the display system started displaying the train number 12151 whereas the train had actually left the platform.Due to failure of all the information system they missed the train Since there was no other option left i had to book alternative ticket through agent pnr no [protected] for return journey by pushpak express 12533 with an additional financial burden of rs 8380.   

 सेवा में,  रेल अधिकारी महोदय ट्रैन लेट होने के सम्बन्ध मेंविगत आज दो हफ्ते से गोरखपुर-नवतनवा व गोरखपुर-आनंदनगर-गोंडा लाइन ट्रेनों का साँचल पूरीतरह से चरमरा गई हे, सुबह के समय आज दो हफ्ते से कोई ट्रैन नहीं हे, जिसे दैनिक यात्रियों को बहुत ही परेशानी का सामना करना पेड़ रहा हे, ५५०४३ जो शाम को ६.२५ पर गोरखपुर से चलकर नवतना को जाती हे आज दो हफ्ते से गोरखपुर की लापरवाही के कारन ३-४ घंटे विलम्ब से नवतनवा जाती हे, सुबह में यही ट्रैन ५५०४४ बनकर ६.१५ पर नवतनवा स चलके गोरखपुर ९.१५ तक पहुँचती हे.लेकिन गोरखपुर की लापरवाही क कारन ५५०४३ गोरखपुर आने वावजूद घंटो गोरखपुर खड़ी रहती हे, शाम को लेट होने क नाते यह ट्रैन सुबह भी लेट रहती ह, यही हाल इस रुट की हर ट्रेनों का है, ७५००२-७५००३-७५००४-७५००५ डेमू ट्रैन भी आज दो हफ्ते से ८ स ९ जानते की देरी स चल रही हे सुबह के समय ५५०४४ और ७५००२ यही दो ट्रैन सहारा हे दैनिक यात्रियों की, लेकिन आज दो हफ्ते से ये दोनों ट्रैन ४से८ घंटे विलम्ब से चल रही हे, मासिक सीजन टिकट बनवा के हम लोग अब ठगा सा महसूस क्र रहे हे.आप से निवेदन हे की इस रुट की स्थिति का सुधार करने की कृपा करियेया इस रुट पर ट्रेनों का संचालन ही बंद कर दीजिये, तो हम लोगो को संतोष होगा की ट्रैन चलती ही नहीं इस रुट पर,  दैनिक यात्री  सर्वेश मिश्रा   

 Our parents had a journey from ndls to hw via 04416 train, which was supposed to be reach hw at 13:00 hrs but was late for more then 2.5 hrs with no reason.The condition for the old people is more worst as the return journey was on same date.So they boarded the train on 30th oct on same train 04415 from hw to ndls, but the train is again late by around 5 hours.So need to know what is the compensation mechanism if the train late by more then expected time and due to that the inconvenience caused by lot many passengers.   

 I boarded the train from madhupur junction with unreserved super fast ticket to kolkata. After boarding i asked t. T to allot a berth in ac or in sleeper as because it's 5 hrs journey and he replied that he will off course provide me berth in ac but i have to pay rs. 500 to him otherwise he can't.Now my question is that why should a passenger will pay more than the ticket amount to anyone if there is vacant seats in compartments. The person who next boarded the train was provided seat in ac because he paid to the amount to t. T. I request to honable railway minister to take strict action against the person who is asking for bribe from passengersThanking you, Piyush kothari   

 Garib rath pnr no [protected] and train no 22409. It is so disgusting that the above train is so late. The train was suppose to reach at mughal sarai junction on 11.07 pm which reached nxt day at 3.15 am. It was about to rch anand vihar terminus at morning 11.50 am but till it has not rchd ghaziabad.Now it is shown on m-indicator that sit will reach ghaziabad at 8.00 pm while at anand vihar terminus at 8.30 pm. If the train is running by this speed then it is impossible that it will reach by 8.30 pm also.What if people have booked another routes further to anand vihar terminus? How they will reach on time? Why railway doesnot take care of these things? Why railway do not think about the passengers who are travelling such long distances? It is that we have to waste hours in train rather than doing important things.Completely disgusting this service is.Swagata bagulBagulswagata@yahoo.com   

 Dear sir/madam, I had booked two ticket in 3rd ac and on the day of journey i got confirmed one berth (B2-52 and another one become as wl - 2).After start the train from asansol, i talked to tte and requested him that if you will get any chance to confirm my berth kindly confirm my berth.I am really very sorry to say that reach upto lucknow no buddy ask to me to confirm my berth.I had observe that who have wl 17 or 25 those passenger berth get confirmed.It's my humble request that seats allotment process should be as per priority / sequentially of wl.Please look into this matter and do the needful for same.Thanks in advance.Regards, Jai prakash prasad.   

 My complaint is regarding to train no 14681Everyday train schedule is going to revised & delayedIf department can't focus & maintain schedule then close this train30 oct - reschedule 16:45 (Actual will be change)29 oct - actual delay by 8 hr 15 min28 oct - actual delay by 5 hr 05 min27 oct - actual delay by 1 hr 45 min26 oct - actual delay by 2 hr 35 minEvery passenger facing problem now days, most of reservation cancelTrain coach is empty due to train not running by actual scheduleMy suggestion is if department cant manage schedule on daily basis then no need to run this train.   

 Sir in the surrounding of purna jn. Railway station there is a new steel pipe fence are build/create. At the time of entry and exit people have facing problems for entry and exit. There is small space for exit and in the space of exit there a drainage hole on these drainage contain small around pipes. It creates difficulty to pass away it. Some time many people collapse on that exit. Please solve the problem.   

 I am traveling from udgir to aurangabad by aurangabad passengers train (57549), i have booked a seat of seat no 68 in s1.The tc of train taking money from passengers and allowing them to seat on my seat, when i was spoken against this to tc then they told me don't sleep on seat, travel by seating and let the other passengers also seat. When tc changed then that tc also did same, taking money from passenger without giving any tickets and seating them in reservations seat.Near about all the reservation seat were seated by general class passengers.Wery poore service fron scr.Take strong action against this.Avinash chandore   

 14321 train is always late. We don't know about how it's always 6 to 7 hrs late. If this train late any reasons please change the time of this train from beraly because in this train many kind of people's travellers they could not know the train is late so the are coming on the stations on time of the train. But they will reached on station train is late. At this time they are not able to go back home so they are stay at the stations.in this time on the stations unwanted is full of crowd. If stations is full of people many unwanted people make some unwanted work. Like thift, wigh girl's unwanted things.So i am suggested please change the time of this train or please make this train on time.Thanks Pawan Pnr number - [protected]   

 Dear sir.We travelled on 28 th oct from agra to sevagram in kerala express.On 28th october we purchased 9 packed food from bhopal railway station at 10.30pm. I dont remember name of store but it is written in italics and starts with "a".Food given was rotten. We expect railways to keep a watch on the main stores distributing food at railway station. Periodic and random check will be well appreciated.   

 I was traveling on date 27/10/2017 train no11463, 3a, b-3/13, pnr no-[protected]. There were a horrific scene got to know inside coach. So many cockroaches moving around in the coach. Cockroaches were able to see everywhere ones it was on my daughter's body. A lady copassenger who was travelling with her 3yrs old daughter suffering whole night that a cockroach went and bite inside her daughter's ear. Govt authorised dr called up on a station but he charged. The whole incedent shows the irresponsible behaviour of railway management.In a reservation form there is coloum of insurance.. So what kind of insurance, security and hygiene are providing here.. I m claiming to railways for my total money refund for such a traffic jurney and request to take right step against such issues so that no one else will be suffer.   

 Train number 14615, 3 tier ac b2 coach attendant was so busy in sleeping that he doesn't even opened the door of the coach at our boarding station. He did not even provide the bed sheets or whatever services they had to do, we had to go and call him for the services. If their work is for sleeping so he is the perfect man railways have recruited. Thank you.   

 I don't understand the concept of rac tickets? Why do indian railway keeps rac seats? Even after paying the ticket fare we have to share the seats. This is pathetic, i think this rac concept should be stopped. If there is 1 seat and 2 people in waiting either you people charge half amount of the ticket fare or else just give the seat to single passanger.   

 I complain to a tte at enquiry counter regarding cleaning of first class waiting hall. He announced the on duty cleaning staff report to first class waiting hall but no one came. This is very bad towards indian railway that this is the situation of first class. You think off what are the situation of other class. Kindly made proper arrangementss for this.   

 Sir,  I have booked my vehicle from amritsar to lucknow with indian railways on 25 th october 2017, i took general ticket for its speedy delivery but till now i have not received the same. My vehicle no is pb02de4310. The railway receipt nos is 722736. Further details are enclosed within. Its my request please look forward to my complain and solve it as soon as possible.   

 Incident date - 14th oct 2017Pnr number : [protected]Description: Train was delayed by more than 12 hours so cancelled the ticket before the original time of the train but no refund for the same is arranged. My journey was from gurgaon to jaipur which is of around 5-6 hours and the train which was scheduled for 5 am was already delayed by 12 hours, so cancelled the ticket around 2.30 am in the morning. Refund is refused as they say it should be with 4 hours of the train timing. The amount is more than 1k so i want a refund for the same   

 Pnr no. 816100079. I booked ticket in mumbai-howrah duranto for journey dated 29-08-2017. Due to derailment on the track the train was rescheduled 10.30 hrs. Late. I filed tdr no. 100000180660512 and applied for refund. No response. Then i filed a complaint with e-tickets as advised by irctc. The complaint was registered as irctc # 6763332. But even after three reminders and lapse of about two months there is no refund.Mahendra prasad   

 I am traveling in pushpak lko to mumbai pnr no - [protected], pantry car seller selling 7 rupees in 10 rupees. Tea is just for name it’s boiled water of tea colour. It’s so shameful that they are charging high price from the travellers then also not providing good product. Railway will never improve if no action will taken against such fraud. It’s not only with tea, they are selling each and everything worst and at high price, innocent travellers are getting cheated everyday   

 Dear sirI am ajay kumar coming from new delhi to bangalore i was sleeping in the train no.12628, karnataka express bogi no. S5. Seat no.55 (Pnr no.[protected]) early morning around 03:15 am station gulburga or wadi junction suddenly i wake up 03:40 am i am checking mobile in my bag it is not there i thought some one wondering there in the train. After i contacted to crpf persons i told to them they noted my name and my mobile number.They told please complaint your last station sbc bangalore but they are not responded.Please kindly log my complaint and do the needfulMobile make : redmi-4a dual simMob: [protected]Mob: [protected]Thanks & regardsAjay kumarMob:[protected]   

 This is to state that refund for a ticket cancelled since a long time period is pending with the *pnr number - [protected]* This ticket was cancelled on august 4th nd i was assured of getting my refund back in 3-4 days.. The railway customer care number is never available. No one attends to the call.Kindly look into it and refund the amount as soon as possible   

 Dear sir the train who comes from bhiwani to rewari at morning 6:40 am at bhiwani always late it's reaching time.in this train most of passengers are govt. And pvt workers they're never reached at there duty timing in between stations it's chain also pulled these activities are doing by the bad guys who traveling in this train daily the station master and the force never take any action in them. Plz sir solve this problem i m also a pvt employee train no is 54787   

 Ticket details Pnr:[protected], train:82907, doj:26-10-17, 2a, bct-ljn, dep:19:45, Rupendra+1, a1 31, a1 33, Fare:8670, sc:0.0+pg+insThis is the fare i am paying (This price is not of tatkal, this is of general booking) and train is getting stopped at every stating and at the outskirts for hell lot of time. If you are paying a price similar to that of flight you expect the train to atleast reach destination on time. Request you to atleast make sure that after paying this much amount, people reach their destination on time   

 Dear railway team, From past 10 years iam monitoring the trains between nandyal to guntur line are running 1 hour average delay and people are suffering a lot and they don't know whom to complaint properly, so please look into the issue, now we are in 21 century so expecting you will resolve this delay issue, time is money.Train nun - 57325, 56502   

 We are a regular passenger from chalakkudy to thrissur railway station. Train number 16792 palaruvi expresses does not stop at chalakkudy station which is a hub for as much as 3 lakhs of population. This train even stop at local stations between ernakulam to kottayam, in this regard i urge you to provide atleast 1 minute stop at chalakkudy station. So that hundreds of passengers and railways get benefited daily. Kindly look into the matter   

 02/10/2017 ; pnr no. [protected] ; train no. 12030, asr to ndls.I was accompanied by a senior citizen with confirmed return ticket between amritsar and ndls but when the train chart was put up at asr we were put on wl.Further, on approaching the reservation staff at ndls for refund it was denied on the ground it should've been applied at the origin stn and not at the arriving station. Thus we never got what we paid for (Rs,. 2030/-) and were denied reimbursement of fare paid on swarna shatabdi   

 TDR filled detail:-PNR NO. [protected], Transaction I.D: [protected], Train No. 03428, Date of Journey:- 17.10.2017 Cancellation I.D: [protected], TDR filling Date:- 18.10.2017 (12.27 P.M) Train was late more than 20 hours.Dear Sir, This is to inform you that I, Prasun Kumar Kumar Rao want to travel by Train against PNR. No.[protected] with my family & children-(Son- Pratik Kumar Rao (age-09 years), Daughter- Avni (age- 01 Year)), But your train is late again & again (more than three hours to twenty hours….). Kindly note that my son was suffered from Dengue as medical Treatment is attached. Also, I had waited full night for travel by Train in Haridwar Station on 17.10.2017 which, I was tire of care for my son/daughter and my family’s is not in good condition/health. Which, I could not travelled by Train. Further, in the time I have not internet connection. Still, I had TDR filled on 18.10.2017 (12.27 P.M) for cancellation ticket/ refund the money. Kindly note that my TDR filled late is only- twelve minutes.So, you are requested to kindly provide me my Ticket money.Regards, Prasun Kumar Rao[protected]   

 I had booked my hero mastro edge scooty from mariani to gwalior via kanpur central on 08/10/2017 in brahmaputra exp (14055).But still 26/10/2017 i couldn't get. After enquiry i come to know that my scooty was reached at old delhi rly station till date.Why it is not sent to gwalior jn station i don't know?Waiting for your kind response...Your sincerelyJogen mahattaScooty no as 03 t9249Builty no [protected]18aaagm0289c121Mob no [protected]Mail i'd:- jogenmahatta@gmail.com   

 My complaint is not against any individual, but the system. Today i booked three sleeper class tickets for journey from bangalore to chennai and return. At the time of booking there were sufficient berths (More than 150 berths) available but no lower berths were allotted to me aged 68 years (I opted sr. Citizen) and for my wife on both the directions. It is surprising that from time to time the ministry is assuring that ladies and senior citizen only lower berths will be allotted.  Pnr nos [protected] - s 12 berths 3, 6 & 8 -  Train no. 12658 doj : 30.11.2017 Pnr no. [protected] s 10 berths 25, 26 & 32  Train no. 16021 doj 01.12.2017I have already twitted this to railway minister also for his information. This is very peculiar and un understandable. Please look into it.   

 Dear sir / madam, I filled tdr Reason for tdr: train late more than three hours and passenger not travelled.Tdr filing date: 28-aug-2017 10:26:36 hrsDate of journey: 28-aug-2017 train no./name: 01438/swv pune splTrain timing - 7.50 am cancellation id: [protected]Registration no:[protected]Tdr zone: central railway (Cr)From: sindhudurg (Sndd)	to: panvel (Pnvl)	boarding: sindhudurg (Sndd)Actual train timing is 7.45 am but train come on sindhudurg station is on after 1 pm so this is valid case of more then 3 hrs late and i 1st mail to irctc at 9.10 am to cancelled my train because of train delay and filled tdr on 10.26.36 hrs.So i am clear from my side also i send live status screenshot to irctc also but now my tdr is refused to wrong reason so please i request you to refund my money.Manoj chavan[protected]   

 Non payment of difference of dcrg, commutation, le and ppo revise due to revision of 7th pay commission wef[protected] to[protected].  From :- ramesh chand s/o rattan chand ex - p. Way mate gang no 4ng /nurpur road (H. P) address :- village kutlahar. Post office talara. Tehsil nurpur district kangra (H. P) under aden/plmx division firozpur contact no [protected] date of retirement[protected] pf no 00047167   

 Recently on 10/10/2017, in the morning, i went on a tour to delhi during puja vacatiion. At new delhi station i went to the toillet (Pahargang side). The guard demanded me rs.10/- for urinal but in the notice board displayed above showing different rates as rs.1/-, rs.2/-, rs.3/- urinal, toilet, bath etc. And rs.10/- for using cloak room. When i objected the guard abused me with slang language, threatened me saying "yahan se hat jao, yada bokwas mat karo, orna tumhara bura haal ho jayega". I stunned seeing this behabiour by such a guard who is collecting excessive money from innocent passengers by force. The railway authority should take care of the passengers and help them save from exploiting by these hooligans at government premises. Its railway authority's duty to look after this matter.   

 Thank good items supplied in railway stations and in compartments are substand and in digestible even though rate are abnormal. The applies even for irctc food plazas. The railway authorities must have proper mission to look after this. I suggest to provide more fruit stalls with fresh seasonal fruits locally available to protect the wealth and health of passengersGv ramalingeswara rao[protected]   

 I am akash from amritsar. Following are the details pls send my amount in my account...Pnr -[protected]Cancellation id-[protected]Refund amount-390.00Date of cancellation-14oct2017Cancellation status - cancelledAsr hwh mail (13006)Journey-asr to rmuSir refund amount is not creditted in my account. Pls send my amount in my account as soon as possible...Date of journey-02dec2017   

 Had to travel from villupuram to tambaram with my wife and my kid on 25 october 2017. I had also booked a flight on the same day from chennai to mumbai departure at 5.20 a. M. The train which was about to arrive villupuram at 00:55 a. M arrived at 1.30 a. M and departed at 2.02 a. M because of which i reached tambaram at 4.15 a. M with 1 hour and 25 minutes delay. Due to this delay i missed my scheduled flight and had to book for another flight with additional cost. Please take necessary action and refund the money which i spent additionally for flight booking.   

 I have lost my 2 mobiles from grand trunk express 12615 in between faridabad and hazrat nizamuddin station today morning. There was no grp police staff nor train superintendent or tte in the whole sleeper coach. I asked help from tte in ac coach but he denied to help and said contact sleeper coach tte. I have a reservation in s4 coach birth number 62. I need your help so that i will get compensation of my lost mobiles because it is the responsibility of railway to ensure the security of passengers goods. If i didn't get proper help and compensation from indian railway then i may also move towards court for justice.I already lodge complain to grp and filed fir but didn't get my phone yet so please don't suggest me for that again in comments or closing remarks because i am complaining the second time. If you are still not providing the justified help i will go to ministry and higher authorities. Sleeper coach is for sleeping during the night not for guarding mobile phone which is kept inside a bag. The incident took place between 1:00 am to 4:50 am. I have also clear doubts on my fellow passenger who has seat number 32 in my coach in the same train and he comes to near my birth during night because train has vaccant seats.   

 I have noticed personally as well as rumoured amount the train users between tvc and ncj. Despite the type of train it is observed commonly in morning the train running from tvc to ncj is given priority over ncj to tvc and vice versa in evening creating inconvenience to the people travelling from ncj to tvc.Also the trivandrum section is not managing the trains effectively and efficiently. It is rumoured tvm is showing partiality for years.The current delay in the 16649 train is adding more inconvenience. It is getting delayed by almost more than 4 yrs, this make a gap of more than 3.5 hrs. After 6:00 the next train is at 8:30, this is the current situation of commuters from ngl.I request the concern person to look into and take action to make the commuters comfortable.   

 Dear sir, I have bookef 2nd ac ticket and was confirmed but the day of travelling, no 2nd ac coach was attached with the train. I was askef to travel in 3rd ac where as i have paid 2nd ac fair. Tdr filed was rejected stating non receipt of tt certificate. I attached the same in email and send to care@irctc.co.in and received tocken no irctc #6920893. Several mail sent after this but no responce from irctc. Every time new tocken number auto generated but no responce. No option available to re fill tdr again. Its a cheating i can say as all these are done intentionslly to make money. No care to the passenger travelling in rail.Best regardsSaroj prasad   

 We were travelling by train no 12839 from howrah to chennai by sleeper coach s5 which left kolkata by middle of night at 12. Already 4 of us were tired and trying to settle comfortably but unfortunately nearly 5o of the non reserved travellers got into the train occupying the passage bath rooms. On investigation of found out that, some of them on wait listed tickets, some of them no tickets. I told the duty ttr about it and he said it is the duty of railway police and when i told the police they said it is the duty of ttr. We had 2 nights of sleepless travel despite our reservation well in advance since there was no security for our luggage. 3 ttr came into the train none of them checked those ticketless passengers as even wait listed tickets are considered ticketless travel. Prime minister mr. Modi and railway minister talks high about railway services it is very precarious and alarming. Why should we at all book our ticket in advance? The ttr getting big fat salaries and pension is not doing there job and they went to the extent of harassing reserved passengers for not having original id. The railway police force since independence has not protected railway properties nor passengers. Instead of them employ army personnel who will command some respect. It is your duty to take action against these ttrs on duty and the police personnel without which railway travel will be unsafe for senior citizens like us. I was sick for sometime that is why i could write to you early. Your early action is solicitedPassengersR. Bharathan, saravanan, andal and lakshmi   

 The attendant is rude to the passengers, and the way he was interacting was very irrelevant and nasty talks. And this made the most of my fellow passengers uncomfortable. The guy was very disrespectful and was disgusting. I feel pity for indian railway for putting such staff in trains. Info of various paavengers are listed belowTrain number :22415Date of journey :23/10/17-24/10/17.1. Pnr :[protected]2. Pnr: [protected]3. Pnr: [protected]4. Pnr: [protected]5. Pnr: [protected]6. Pnr: [protected]7. Pnr: [protected]   

 Sir I have booked my bike up 32 gp 9398 on 07 oct 17 from lucknow to mariani railway station bill way no is 985730 but still on 24 i have not received it at mariani railway station. I asked at lucknow they said it was sent to mariani stn from train no 15910 on 20 oct 17. But bike is not received at mariani stn when i enquire at booking office.Plz search it.Inform me as soon as possible.   

 Hi my name is sumit das i have to register a strong complaint against the irctc officials who are working in the online ticket booking website. I had booked 4 tickets out of which i had cancelled 2 tickets and 2 tickets i had booked and amount was deducted from my account and ticket not booked., i am sending you the details of the ticket booking as under. (1) transaction id no:[protected], pnr no:[protected], date of journey:23-dec-2017, cancellation id/refund id:[protected], transaction amount:5795.00, refund amt:1250, bank:payumpp, transaction date:16-oct-2017, date of cancellation :16-oct-2017, 15:06:32 hrs, train name:bilaspur rajdhani express. (2) transaction id no:[protected], transaction cancellation id/refund id:[protected], refund amt:3915, remaining details same as above, cancellation id/refund id:[protected]. (3) transaction id:[protected], date of booking:16-oct-2017, cancellation id/refund id:[protected], transaction type:failed, transaction amount:₹5795. (4) in one separate special case the ticket which i had booked in that the amount got deducted from my debit card, i. E; from my account but the ticket was not booked so i humbly request you whoever you are concerned to look into this matter and resolve this as soon as possible.   

 Respected sir/madamI, devaki krishnan, its been one year, pension is not credited in the new sbi account number : [protected]. Nallasopara east branch. I had request to close my husband's account as he is expired on 4th feb 2016.Husband's old account : [protected]Sir, with very grief to express that every time i call the branch they inform they have not received any intimation to close my husband's account and to transfer the pension to my new account. And the pension is credited in the old account which we cant use.Is the problem with railway? Bank has not received any letter yet. I have submitted all the supporting documents related to death and new account.Ppo number : wr/12118/529467 Date of retirement :[protected]Hence i request you please suggest me a solution from which i will be trouble free from this type of issue. Expecting a positive response from your end.   

 Hi team, Thank you for your pplatform, could you please look into below deatils as we can see i have filled tdr request at 8 sept 2017 still i didn't get any refund, Cancellation i'd : 100000182490626Pnr: 855414138Reason : train diverted and passenger not travelled Current status is cr registered But it's 1 and half month over so kindly look into the issue and resolve asap.Regards, Ajinkya narayanpure.   

 Pnr no: [protected]Train no. & name: 12822/dhauli expOn 23rd october 2017 we were travelling from puri to howrah in ac chair car of train no 12822 dhauli express. From khurda road, the air-conditioning system was not working. We complained to mr. P. K. Das, the hd tte of our coach c2 at bhubaneswar station itself to resolve the issue. A/c coach-c2 was completely suffocating, since there was neither any fan, light or air-conditioning in operation. When all passengers complained to the said tte, he took it very casually and did not pay any heed to the customers’ complaint. The most dangerous part was the non-functioning of the alarm chains throughout the coach, which could have been very fatal in case of any dire emergency while the train was in motion.Finally all the passengers unboarded the train at the cuttack station and approached the guard for his help. A formal complaint was also lodged and docketed at cuttack railway station.It is now earnestly requested to look into the matter and the following action to be taken at the earliest:-1) stringent action to be taken against mr. P. K. Das, the hd tte of coach c2 (Train no & name: 12822/dhauli exp), for his utter negligence in carrying his normal duties diligently and continuously showing careless attitude towards passengers’ complaints.2) as compensation to the continuous owes and agonies faced throughout the journey in the above-mentioned coach, a full refund of the entire amount against the ticket cost of the said journey may please be refunded immediately along with the adequate compensation.Thanks and regardsSoumya ghosh   

 With reference to the notice number [protected], we have dispatched our material through railway parcel service (Pwb no.[protected] dated 28/06/2017). The respective consignee has not yet received the parcel so far. We have contacted the railway parcel service many times but went in vain. Hence, we are requesting for the claim amount mentioned in our purchase order.We have also sent a mail to cco_jbp@claims. Indianrail.gov.in on 25th of august but there was not response till now.Attaching the pwb receipt for reference.Request you to kindly take necessary action on this.   

 I am a serving senior officer of indian army.I booked tickets for me and my wife by 22481 jodhpur delhi sarai rohilla sup exp on 14 oct 17. Sch arr at sarai rohilla was at 0520 on 15 oct 17.The next connecting train was 12011 kalka shatabdi, sch dep at 0740 on 15 oct 17 from new delhi. (Photo of both tickets attatched)22481 arr at delhi cantt at 0954 ie more than 4 hours late and by then i had missed the connecting train. I was confirmed by the tte that i could travel in any subsequent train on the same ticket after getting endorsement from the station master. I confirmed about the same from online also.I checked about availability of the next trains and reservations. Fortunately i found more than 100 seats available in the evening 12005 kalka shatabdi. I met the tte at the train, showed him my tickets and the endorsement of delay of first train and boarded the train. Since there were many vacant seats we managed to find the sets as well. After about one and half hour the tte asked me to come out of the cabin and started telling me that i was a "ticketless traveller" and asked me to pay. I showed him my identity card and the tickets and explained to him the complete circumstances but he remained adamant and refused to see any logic or the rules. He got hold of another tte and rpf jawans and started threatening me. Even i refused to pay up and asked him to make the proper tickets instead. Finally he prepared an excess fare ticket no 278581 of rs 3340/- (Double amount with penalty) (Photo attatched) and i paid the amount.The names of the two ttes are as follows:-Mr kp singhMr bhupinder singh   

 Dear mr. Piyush goyal, I would like to bring it to your notice since the day you had taken the charge as minister of indian railways, the services has gone worst to the worst.It is my observation that the trains are running very late and there is no control or supervision over them. Today (23/10/17) i was to travel ahmedabad by bdts-bvc express (12971) and to board the train from andheri at 21:45 hrs.I resides at kharghar (Out skirts of navi mumbai) to catch the train i choose to travel by local train scheduled at 19:46 from kharghar station. The local train was delayed by around 30-35 mins... It arrived kharghar station at 20:16 hrs... And reached andheri at 21:50 (Scheduled arrival is at 21:08 hrs).. Almost delayed by 40 mins.. Due to which i missed my train.I had a scheduled of meetings for tomorrow at my office.. But now i won't be able to attend the same due to failure of indian railways services. I hope you can understand my situation.. As you are an educated person. And will definitely make sure in improving the services.As per the rules i will be getting just an refund of 25% that to due to failure of your department. I would suggest to refund full amount to self with an salary pay of 1 day to me.Details:Name: jitendra sharmaTrain no: 12971Berth no.: a1/25Thanking you, Regards, Jitendra sharma   

 @railminindia pnr no [protected] tr. No.12479 coach b2train stopes 2 min at jwb st. But attendant didn’t open the door the door was closedAnd the main thing is that my coach glass was broken and this service we are getting from indian railway this trains runs from jodhpur to bandra terminus my board was from jawai bandh train name is surya nagari exp   

 Dear sir, i did tatkal reservation at 20/10/2017 time 11:00 am from irctc registered login id {train no 22181 }. From sgo to gwl for 21/10/2017. I paid tatkal fare charges 830 rs by my sbi internet banking {irctc transaction reference no [protected]} and at 11:30 am rs 830 rs deducted from my account {sbi transaction reference no igacfmbpr9 } but after at i did not get any tatkal ticke booking from irctc or after 11:10am there were 65 seats are shown on irctc website. Please refund my deducted money 830 rs in my sbi account as soon as possible. Regards -  Pankaj kumar khare mobile no - [protected] Irctc user id - pkhare83   

 I had cancelled my ticket on 09.01.2017, till date i have not received my payment. I made several request but no effect. I had ticket for jummbu tawai ex howrah to pathankot dt of journey 24.3.2017 in ac 2 tier, ticket number 88888564. I am a senior citezen heart patient, but not yet received my claim after visiting several times in kolkata officePnr number [protected]   

 Train no - 17038Train name - bikaner-secunderabad express Pnr - [protected]We are traveling in this train right now with our family. We are traveling in sleeping coach.Issues:-sleeper coach looks like a general coach. - there is no cleanliness in the coach. There is so much garbages in the coach. No cleaner has come in the coach since the morning.- washrooms are just pathetic. It’s very stinky, unclear n just worst.- there are so much of ppl roaming in the coach without reservation than what’s the point of doing reservation in the train?There is immediate improvements required as due to this, there are so much mosquitos in the coach & family can get ill due to such pathetic situation. Why we are spending so much of montu on reservation if such basic things are not going to be provided by railway.Please revert on this asap, or we writing to hod.You can contact me on [protected] - alpesh sutaria.   

 Dear sir, today i am travelling in train from bijapur to solapur passenger train, at depature time in bijapur is 12.05 am, in this journey i have lost 1 mobile phone redmi note 4 gold colour 4 gb ram & 64 gb internal memory (Imei no - 866750033188080) & 980 rupess cash, & train ticket also. I will reort immediately in rpf police station solapur when i reached solapur, they write a rough notes, (Duty officer name is pawar) at early morning 03 : 00 am approx. They will not registered the complaint due to i have not mobile bill, so he will inform me, please carry the bill & we will take complaint, after that i have a reservation ticket from solapur to pune in 11042 chennai mumbai express in sleeping coach s2 seat no 58, i am travel to pune with my id proof, i have no immediately leave from my job, so iam complaint by online, i think it was happened in tikekarwadi to solapur just i think, so please track the mobile & help me for this & reply me. The exact email address to send the invoice copy, in add photos attachment is error to attach invoice bill, so please resolve the issue Please do the needful...   

 Sir i have booked railway luggage service for transfer my bike from pathankot cantt to lucknow nr with receipt no 785968 on dt 22.10.2017 on trian 12238 beghampura express. The luggage will unloading on 23.10.17 at lucknow but luggage staff have not unload my luggage inspite of trian halt more than 30 minutes at platform. They are not even listening any thing. Sir now i am afraid how i could get my byke. Please help me regarding this.Monish kattal[protected]   

 Sms received on 21.09.2017 that train no 07150 njp-vskp schedule on 02.10.2017 was cancelled due to unavoidable circumstances. But i have not received refund of rs 2235/- vide pnr no. [protected]. I have requested three times vide ticket id irctc # 6865901, 6901485, 6950553 & attached sms (Train cancellation) also. I have talked two times to customer service. They have informed that it is being looked after. Please refund the amount at the earliest.   

 As the coach no:c8 of shatabdi express from pune to secunderabad has been detached on 14.10.2017, we could not travel through that train. We have received an sms at 4.24 am on 14.10.2017 stating that "c-8 coach of t. No.12025 pune sc shatabdi exp.. Leaving pune on 14/10/17 is detached. E-tkt holders kindly collect certificate from t. C. Woffice pune for refund purpose". As we are in hurry to rush to hyderabad in bus, we could not meet anybody in tc office. Further, we have booked the tickets through online and hence we filed the tdr on 16.10.17 after coming back from hyderabad. You have informed about the detachment of coach in the 11th hour and made us to face so much of inconvenience for which you are supposed to pay the charges for discomfort (Caused by you).We are diabetic and we have not carried any food packing also as we are under the impression that the food will be served in train. Your callous approach towards customers is not at all pardonable.The rejection of our request for refund of our genuinely paid money is not acceptable to us.Please refund the amount at the earliest and don't compel us to approach the court for seeking the justice.Regards, K udaya kumar, Mobile no:[protected]   

 I have travel on 13th morning and 15th evening from thalassery second platform. Since the many passengers are outside and the passenger waiting room show empty, myself and family enter to the hall. Both time quiet bad urinal smell at waiting room. Found the urinal area not cleaning properly. Since many passengers travelling everyday from this station request to arrange tor rectify the problem   

 I had cancel waiting ticket of pnr no.[protected], at 15.22 while depart time of train from reservation station is 16.25. By irctc counter ticket cancel facility.From reservation station is 16.25. When i am going to surrender the original counter ticket at nagpur railway station counter the thicket counter staff deny to refund the amount. His comment is attached to cancellation form with mail as well ticket.Because of sunday and heavy corroded counter nobody help me, i stay in row almost 2 hrs for refund of cancellation of ticket when my chance come staff strictly send back. While insisting supervise he wrote comment time and date. 22./10./17 at17.37.This time only two counter is open.May please help me for refundMay please help me reg.Attachment1. Ticket2. Cancellation form3. Snap short of sms   

 On 16/10/17 i had to travel from delhi sarai rohilla to ratangarh, rajasthan by train 22482. This train starts from delhi sarai rohilla and goes up to jodhpur. The scheduled departure is 23.15 pm but when i reached at delhi station i got informed that train is late and will depart at 04.45 am next day. The whole night i had to sit on floor to wait along-with hundreds of other co-passengers. This is not the first incidence regarding the delay of the above mentioned train. It happens every day. For example, yesterday on 22/10/17, it was late for 1.45 hrs. If the consumer forum asks from the indian railways regarding the departure data for last few months, it will be clear that it is happening every day. Hundreds of poor passengers wait for hours for this train. We have no other option except for waiting. I demand strict action against the officials responsible for this.   

 Dear sirIts very painful to inform you that i alongwith my family had planned to visit my parents staying in kolkata to attend the holy chhat puja 2017. I got my ticket booked on 22 jun 17 for train no 12001 (Date of journey-20 oct 17) from habibgunj to jhansi and another train (Pratham swatantrata sangram train no 11106) time of departure from jhansi 2100 hrs. However train no 12001 was announced to be late by 01 and half hours initially and as the time progressed the late period extended to 2 and half hours and finally 2 and 3/4th hours for which i had to cancel my journey as it was not possible to catch the train from jhansi to kolkata. The train had not left habibgunj till 1735 hrs. I didn't get a single penny as refund for shatabdi and rs 650 against three 3ac tickets of train no 11106. My parents don't believe me. This is the first time in my life where i had to face such embarrassment.Kindly do the needful.Manwendra mani trivediPnr no [protected] (Train no 12001)Pnr no [protected] (Train no 11106)   

 I am sapana kumari, travelling today from nzm to kota by 12432 trivandrum rajdhani alone. Due to pregnancy i have ordered continental food upon asking of coach attandant. He said nothing at that time. When he came to give lunch to me he denied to provide continental food. He said there is nothing in pantry car, he can provide me continental food at dinner. When i ask about complaint book, he denied to give me and he said if u want to take complaint book go to the pantry car. I have to remain hungry during train journey despite paying money for same during ticket booking.   

 I had filled tdr on date 26-sep-2017 10:23:30 hrs, cancellation id: 100000186258491 and Reason for tdr: train late more than three hours and passenger not travelled. Tdr refund case has been registered with 203171002634 on 2017-10-05. Today is 17th day from the date of tdr refund case registered and and 27 day from the date of tdr filed still haven't received refund.Would you please do some needful so that i can get my refund money. It was my fault that train was running more than 5 hours of delay and passenger was not traveled on train. Please try to refund the money as soon as possible.   

 This is rajani bharati, i went ujjain railway reservation office on 22-10-2017 for tatkal reservation in 3rd ac. I had to go from ujjain to junagadh. My number in reservation row is second on first window. Despiste a-8 (8 seats vailable) railway reservation employee denied to give me reservation and demanded 10000 rs from me to give reservation. I had been facing this froble since 4-5 days. Due to this corruption by railway employee i faced heavy loss. Please take necessary action. I could not join my job and faced 20lakh rupees loss.   

 Hi support team, I have booked a tatkal ticket from cnbTo anand vihar for gareeb rath express on 24th sept 2017 and date of journey was 25th sept 2017For reason train delayed more than 3 hours andThe passenger has not traveled, i filled the tdrFor the same in irctc against my ticket and theStatus was turned to cr registered, but theAmount was not refunded yet.I am not sure what else i might be missing toGet amount refunded. Please let me know what iCan do further or else you can drop a mail to lipsy. Chopra@gmail.comTicket details: Do transaction :- 29th oct, 2014.Pnr number :- [protected]Reason for tdr: train late more than three hours and passenger not travelled.Tdr filing date: 25th sept 2017 06:31:05 hrsTdr status: cr registeredCancellation id: [protected]Tdr zone: northern railway (Nr)Registration no:[protected]Warm regards, Lipsy   

 I am travelling in train 14708 rajakpur express coach b2.. Toilets of this compartment are so bad and the whole compartment is giving out a bad smell. Things are really bad here and i cant even breathe fresh air as these train compartments are smelling too bad. Please correct it earliest possible as we as take corrective actions for the coming time too.   

 Agent name-pinki agarwal talukdar. Her son name rakesh talukdar. Address-jateswar, falakata. Alipurduar, west bengal, 735216, near jateswar shib mondir. He used tatkal software, he was set agent at falakata railway station, and dalgaon rail station. His mo no-[protected]. Every reservation ticket he charged ₹200. And at tatkal ticket he charged ₹400minimum, some times it's highly over ₹500. What is the matter?I ask you sir...What you do against complaint to pinki agarwal talukder and her son rakesh talukder. His ph no-[protected]..   

 Dear sir, i am sanjai kumar. I am complaining tatkal wait list charge rs.60. At festival time mostly middle class people booking ticket, i am one of them. If tatkal ticket not confirmed is in waitlist also they charged rs.60 deducted and remaining amount refunded. Most of people trying to book ticket. Mostly wait list came because now railway introduced premium tatkal. Now tatkal seat 240 reduced to 120 seats. So what i say tatkal wait list charge is very high try to reduce it. Try to reduce premium tatkal and increase tatkal around 170. I hope u will consider it.Citizen of indiaSanjai kumar   

 Dear sir, i am travelling in the andaman express from delhi to vijayawada departed on 21 st october, my son mobile was stolen at gwalior station from s6 coach seat no 39, my pnr number is [protected] train no 16032 my mobile number is [protected], the phone is iphone 6, i tried complaining to grp at many stations they could not lodge a complaint becoz of the less stoppage time at stations   

 `train no.22691 is having stopping at guntakal jn.. But i am very surprised that 22692 Train is not having stopping at guntakal jn. As per your train schedules. It is more surprised that last early hours at 00.15 i personally saw that 22692 train has stopped at guntakal jn. For about ten minutes. Guntakal jn is a very prominent and number 2 position after bza.in a. P.. I request you to make official stop at guntakal jn. So that we can make reservation from nzm to gtl.   

 Sir/madam  I am going to samastipur (Spj) by train no - 19601, i have purchase a general ticket from delhi to samastipur rs. 290/- on the way due to havy rush in train i have change my coach from general to 3rd a/c. At lucknow junction. After some time a t. T. Came and charge the fine rs. 1800/- but receipt given unknown amt this receipt is unable to read due to ajibo garib writing style for ur reference i attaching the receipt.. Thanks & regardNavneet kumar choudhary   

 Dear sir, we are traveling in train no 15667 coach s-8, it is not possible to place any step in passage, there is no difference between local and reservation compartments. I don't know why we are paying for reservation we need help from you. Next station is baroda now.   

 Really disgusting to see that no one has turned up till now (8.12pm) to clean our coach (B6) of dibrugarh-ndls rajdhani express (12423) dated 21/10/17... Pieces of paper, eaten food items are lying all around inside the coach, rats & cockroaches moving all around, stinking smell from the toilet etc. And there is no one from the cleaning team to clear it. When i asked the attendant of the coach, he replied there is no sweeper in this train ðŸ˜¢Really disappointing to see this situation... When railway ministry claims to improve the situation and is on the constant run to increase the faresLooking forward to an immediate action in this regard.RegardsSaumyendu   

 Hi, First thing please provide the correct customer care number as none of the provided numbers work.Now my problem is i booked a ticket today under tatkal and the seats were available till i proceeded for payment. But after the payment was done i got a ticket in tqwl. I did not ask for a tqwl ticket then how does your site assume that i need that ticket. Shouldn't you ask for confirmation?Now that i have cancelled the ticket i have suffered a loss of rs. 60. You are taking rs.60 from rs.110 ticket. Does that even make sense? I request to be paid back my money (Full refund)Pfa. Transaction id: 100001022118158Regards, Sneha kanekar   

 I have checked online status at 4:46pm of my train number 59832 and it's showing that it's departed from khachrod station on 4:40pm, but that it was not departed, it departed on 4:47pm.For this type of update will misguided to traveller and he can cancel or change the plan. For this sector every minute is very important, for such wrong update spoiled the government sector image. As you know that your sector image is very bad in front of everyone. Please don't damage more.   

 Before chart prepared pnr status was rac 70. After prepared it was rac again. From berhampur to delhi through bhubaneswar, sambalpur.12 hours have already past but still railway not confirming a lady patient's rac. How can she travel such a long journey of 36 hours to delhi?How can railway give bearths in subsequent stations as bhubaneswar, sambalpur, jharsuguda etc without ignoring rac lady patient coming from previous station i. E bam sitting 12 hours in in security.Soln - Pray to give her a birth immediately on humanity ground.   

 Sir,  On 8 oct 2017 i was going to vaishno devi from nagpur by ten express but it was not clear railway ticket they had return to tickets no i. E himsagar express they were announcing thw name of only himsagar express ^&was; waiting for my ten express & i missed it. That money was also no refundable because after 2hrs i came to know that both trains are same.Then i had travel with suvidha train om the same day bit i don't know reason why your tickets amount is beyond imagination with no facilty. But surprising when katra stations came hardly 25 passenger were there. And along passenger not even ore then divas per y kmowledge3 the scenario which i have seen. I think i should get my refund amount of train i. E ten express extra amount of suvidha express.   

 Indian railway parcel complaint — parcel missing. No - d 877029. 12 october2017To, Drm sir, ChennaiSub - parcel missing (House hold)R/sir, I am booked my luggage on dated 12 october 2017 from dimapur to perambur (Parcel no. D 877029), but till now i have not received my parcel.I have inquired at chennai parcel office several time but the parcel officer is not taking any responsibility.Sir, i am in service indian army and hence i cant take leave and go to the railway station daily.I attached the billty copy herewith please open this attachment & understand my problem.Kindly look in to this matter & do the needful to enable me to get luggage at the earliest and without any further delay. I would very much thankful for your kind co-operationThanking you.Your faithfullyMuniarajMob. Number -[protected]Email :- munia11492@gmail.com   

 I had done reservations at chennai egmore counter on 11 oct17 and i had paid through debit card. On oct17 some amount deducted from amount with reference to 11 oct 17 by southern railway. I fail to understand that how can railway can deduct any amount from my without my knowledge as once all dues paid at the same time during reservation. Plz resolve my query at the earliest   

 Dear sir/madam, Yesterday (Ie. On 19.10.2017) myself & my husband travelled by train no. 11022 (Chalukya express) from madurai jn. To yeshwantpur rly. Station. We have booked the tickets online (Opted for lower berths) more than 100 days in advance ie. On 6.07.2017. Iam 53 & my husband is 58 years old. Without considering our age we were allotted upper berth & side upper berth. We thought due to diwali holidays all the lower berths will be full. But to our dismay, when we boarded the train, we noticed that most of berths were empty including several lower berths. We had to request tte for lower berths & he was very obliging & finally we got lower berths.But at the time of booking the tickets itself we could have been allotted lower berths & we would have been very happy without any tension.Another incident which i would like to narrate is given below : My aged parents (Both in their eighties) were travelling from yeshwantpur to palakkad jn. By garibrath train on 5.10.2017. We booked the tickets on 4.10.2017 (Online), nearly 300 to 400 berths were vacant at the time of booking. Inspite of that both of them were allotted upper berths. Finally with great difficulty they got lower berths.I am unable to understand the logic behind the allotment of berths. I would request the railway authorities to look into similar cases & give preference to allot lower berths for middle aged passengers & senior citizens.I think it can be taken care at the time of booking the tickets online / offline please. Thanking you, R. Vijayalakshmi   

 Me and family traveled in kanyakumari express (12633, pnr: [protected]) in s1 coach on 16 october. There were 2 issues during this painful journey1) train was delayed by 2.5 hours when it reached nagercoil. The main reason what i learnt was a stalled goods train in the egmore-tambaram section which was on the same track as 12633. I am at loss of words to understand how an engine which cannot pull the load can be fitted 2) about 30 passengers with general tickets boarded the reserved coach. There was no tte or rpf to regulate at tambaram till tindivanam. Passengers were unable to use rest rooms (Or) sit properly. I had to complain to 138 and this was informed to rpf tindivanam. A police staff called me and assured that it will be sorted. At tindivanam, rpf got into the coach and offloaded some passengers. Again at villupuram, more people were offloaded. Why railways is not able to protect passengers and why rpf was not accompanying?.   

 My pnr no is [protected]. I boarded the train in lucknow. Train reached 4 hrs late. The moment i entered the coach not only foul smell was emanating from toilet but there was no water at all to use it. The passengers complained the water shortage for last 12 hrs. Small children n women were finding difficult to continue the travel but had no option due to festive season. Pls taken immediate action n if possible please arrange the water atvelast for aam admission. Still to travle for another 15 hrs to isme   

 Sir, i m amit shivhare [protected] :- mera chota bhai pankaj shivhare jiski mental position thik nahi he aur uska ilaj mental hospital gwalior me chal raha he uski kal raat ko 08:00pm par achanak mental position bigdi aur jab me market gaya hua tha tab bah ghar se chala gaya me jab ghar 08:30 par wapas ghar aaya to pata chala phir me use dunde laga to pata chala ki wah station ki aur gaya he me aur mera dost amit soni [protected] dabra dono usko dhodte huye station pahuche ek dusre dost ko mene 02 platform ticket lane ko kaha dabra station par platform no 02 par ticket window na ho ne ke karan ticket lene ke liye platform no 02 ko par karte hue platform no 01 par jana padta he tab tak hum mere bhai ko dhudte hue platform no 02 par aage ki taraf jhansi ki taraf pauche to waha mera bhai mil gaya me usse ghar chalne ki baat kar hi raha tha ki achanak waha par railway protection force ke lakhan lal meena train ki entry karne aagaye aur humse ticket ki maang karne lage humne unhe sari baat batai ki mere bhai ki mental position thik nahi he aur unhe humne uska current treatment prescription bhi dikhaya tab bhi wah use na mante huye ticket ki maang karne lage tab humne kaha ki sir thodi der rukjao abhi ticket lekar mera dost aata hi hoga par wah maan hi nahi rahe the aur kah rahahe the ki ticket dikho aur ticket nahi he to 1000.00 ke hisab se 2000.00 penalti bhar kar rasid banbao ya 250.00 ke hisab se mujhe 500.00 dekar bina rasid ke nikal jao aaj diwali ka tyohar he me tumhe aandar kar dunga to tumhara tyohar kharab ho jayega aur unhone kaha ki kya tc hota to wah ye nahi karta kya me bhi wahi kar raha hu to isme burai kya he dabra station par tc nahi he to hume hi ticket check karna padta he ye baat to humare incharge aur station master ko bhi pata he aur hum dono ko garewan pakad kar plateform no 02 par aur aage jhansi ki taraf lejane lage tab tak pl. No. 02 par godwana exp 12410 aagai tab tak mera bhai train ke slr coach me jakar beth gaya humne meena ji se kaha ki aap ek minut ke liye to hume chod do ya aap hi mere bhai ko train se utar lo uske pass bhi to ticket nahi he par wah to maan hi nahi rahe the kah rahe the ki agar me use utarne gaya to tum bhag jaoge aur itne me train chaldi mere bahi ke pass ticket hi nahi tha aur mobile bhi nahi tha train jane ke baad hum bahut paresan ho gaye tab humne meena ji se kaha ki aab me kya karu me use kaha dhundne jau tab meena ji ne humse kaha ki jo hona tha wo to ho hi gaya aur bese bhi tum aapne bhai ka kab tak dhayan rakhte marne do jane do sale ko kam se kam tumhe usse chutkara to mil gaya na tumhe to mujhe dhanyabaad kahana chahiye mene kaha sir me ab aapne bhai ko kaha dhunduga to unhone kaha ki kuch nahi rasid banwakar ghar chale jao nahi to tumhe aandar dal dunga mene kaha ki sir ye to aapne mere sath galat kiya he to unhone kaha ki galat sahi mujhe nahi batao tumhe jo karna he wo karo meri fir likhado kuch nahi hone wala he mera bada rasuk he ukt ghatna sthal par kaphi passenger aur platform no 03 par khadi maal gadi ke driver sahab bhi mojud the unho ne bhi kaha ki ha ye log baat to sahi kah rahe he bahut der se ye aapne bhai ko ghar chalne ke liye samjha rahe the. Par meena ji kaha manne wale the ye aur kahne lage ki yadi wo pagal he to tumne use ghar se hi kyu aane diya ghar par hi bhand kar rakhte hume kaha ki wo pagal nahi he sir kuch dino se wo dipration me chala gaya he wah kaphi pada likha he uska ilaj bhi chal raha he aur wo kuch haad tak wo thik bhi ho chuka he tab tak platform ticket lekar mera dost aagaya aur humne unhe ticket dikha diya aur unhone hume kaphi deer ke baad chod diya phir hum apni complant lekar dabra station master ke pass pahuche aur likhit aawedan diya to unhone use lene se mana kar diya tab humne kaha ki hume aapni sikayat ko complant book me entry hi kar lene dijiye par unhone kaha ki rpf ki complant nahi hoti he wo kabhi galat kam nahi karte he tumhari hi galti hogi tab humne kaha ki koi complant contact mobile/landline no. Hi dedijiye tab unhone kaha ki aap jaiye yaha se aur bhar likhe complant no par ye online complant kar dijiye bhar koi complant no nahi likha tha aur lindline no likha bhi tha to wah lag hi nahi rahata aur online center sare band ho chuke the tab aaj mene online center jakar complant ki sikayat ke saath me humare platforme ticket he sir pls help me sir mera bhai to milne se raha aur dabra station par bhi kisine meri complant ragister nahi ki mujhe aapki help ki bahut aabsaykta he kirpya uchit karybahi karene ki kirpya kare. Thanks   

 Online booking in railway requires review. S. No.	Name	age	gender	concession	status	coach	seat / berth / wl no	currentStatus	coach	seat / berth / wl no	id type / id no.	Insurance1	kpn pillai	57	male		cnf	b1	58 (Mb)	cnf	b1	58 (Mb)		yes2	madhavi amma	69	female	srctnw	cnf	b1	60 (Lb)	cnf	b1	60 (Lb)		yes3	pankalakdshiamma	98	female	srctnw	cnf	b1	59 (Ub)	cnf	b1	59 (Ub)		yesPlease look at the bert allotment of 3 persons. My mother 98 years old is allotted upper berth!   

 Dear sir, Now i'm traveling in 15052-gorakhpur kolkata express which is running already 8 hours late, that is truly causes anxiety and untolareble for passenger.Not only this, i hear that most of our train has been running late.It's my request that you r liable to inform me what is the reason behind this.Lastly it is my humble request to you for taking necessary action against this issue as early as possible.Thanks & regardsArup kumar khan.A indian passengerEmail id.- arupkhan94@gmail.com   

 Sir my name is rahul chaudhary i m from kolkata sir today i was traveling from sakri to sealdah station i was voilently abused by ttc in the platform no 11 of sealdah by ttc for not having my ticket. I showed my ticket they tear it and imposed a fine of 255 rs and tortured me for not having tickets do something about it or else i m going to complain to higher branch   

 Sir i am raja khan i stay near phatak (Pakur) sir there is railway pole broken its very sharpe and dangerous. School kids, senior citizen, patient, pregnant lady pass throw this phatak road daily every accident happens because of this broken pole.. This pole can give a serious injured to public and can die if they get injured.. And in this phatak there are many fruit hawkers stall... Near railway track train passes throw this track some may can get died in train accident who will be reposible for this matter? In pakur station grp and rpf police take perday commision from this stall if any enquiry comes they inform hawkers they remove there stall and get clear so it my humble request to take a immidietly action on this matter i hope railway will help and give a good reponse on this matter... Thankyouuuu   

 We were travelling in dehi sealdah duronto express on 18th oct, pnr no19aaagm0289ca19, it was late for 10 hrs leading to. Miss our scheduled trai n gour express at 10.15 pm, i even approached to station master and officials for refund but they didn't help us for anything. It was the worst experience, as my dad is a heart patient, and i am thinking to take legal action and let everyone know about this hackle in social media, and let me know when i will be getting the refund   

 Dear sir Myself Niju M has parcelled my Bajaj pulsar bike with registration number KL16-3320 from Ahmadabad to quilon on 14/10/2017. My way bill number is 258412. I didn't get any update so far. They did not parcel my vehicle still. The same happened so many times from Ahmadabad Railway Station. So I request you to consider this complaint and do the needful  Thank you Niju M   

 Today in morning around 4 am, 5 mobile and 1 my spouse hand bag stolen from 19031 yoga express - a1 coach set no 19, 20, 14, 15,.23Out of these 5 two belongs to me and spouse. This was early morning and all passengers were sleeping. We realised the theft at sarai rohilla station when my wife asked me that he mobile is missing, when i checked mine, it was also stolenAnother passenger at a1-23 informed same and then passenger at 14 and 15. When i reach to attendant for fir he was in sleep and when asked him he asked me to contact tc. At that time tc in train advice to complain at delhi. After reaching at delhi, when enquired on fir with one of grp police, he asked us to lodge complain at end station haridwar. By this time i tweeted to western railway, indian rail, rail minister. Soon after that grp police came to us and fir no [protected] lodged. Total loss i suffered of 1 lakh due to some gold earing and finger rings were available in wife purse.This train having frequent theft cases, i heard with no of passengers. Indian railway team, kindly help to bring back our stolen things   

 Sir! My pnr no. Is [protected]. I am travelling by tr no. 04425 from katpadi rly syn. On 18 oct 17 right now at 1530 h this train is delaying by more than 9 hrs. We are getting bore. No pantry car, no water in toilets. No cleaning or maintenance. If this would be the condition then no body would like to travel by special train. Intead people would like to travel by air in the parallel cost. It seems we can not celebrate diwali on 19 oct 17. Very disgusting and embarrassing for people who are travelling by this train. Plz look intensively and make compensation accordingly. Kk singh   

 Dear sirI had booked my bike (Honda activa) to do the parcel from miraj (Maharashtra) to hatia (Ranchi, jharkhand) railway station on 29th sept 2017, but already 19 days are over i did not receive my bike. I had conatcted to the hatia railway station on 13th october 2017 but they dont have any information even i contacted to the parcel office of miraj railway station but they are syaing that they already sent my bike on 29th october for hatia. Sir nobody is giving me correct information regarding my bike, i am totally stuck in between the offices of railway and nobody is giving me correct information. Please help me so i can get my bike as soon as possible.I had attach the copy of recepit.Details are given below:-Bike - honda activaColour - grayBooking receipt no.- b657524My contact no,.- [protected]   

 At goregaon east, near to lotus business park; 2 wheelers are required to be parked at railway warehouse. Locals charge rs. 20 per vehicle without issuing receipts. Illegally money is charged from people and if you don't pay, your vehicle will be damaged. Collection in name of raju pawaskar by teenagers.This is how black money gets generated.   

 Dear sir/madam, today i am trying to book railway ticket pune to patna express, but not booked and debited the money, please refund and help me. Thanks Wednesday, october 18, 2017 2:24 pm Stubp-53181363/pune to ald	Inr2, 760.00 		 17, 138.19  4Wednesday, october 18, 2017 2:24 pm Stubp-53181363/pune to ald	Inr10.00 		 17, 128.19  5Wednesday, october 18, 2017 2:24 pm Stubp-53181363/pune to ald	Inr1.80 		 17, 126.39   

 We boarded train 12245 duranto from bhubaneshwar to yesvanthpur on 17th october 2017. Irctc caterer i found is doon caterers. Pathetic food & it was being packed near toilets of each compartment though 12245 has a pantry. Food was cold too... When asked the persons serving, said to complain to the ministry since their owner is apathetic to their owes too. I think the authorities will not wake up till the public start a revolt against railways... Since my childhood (45 years) i have been hearing complaints on quality of food in trains. A railway public brigade need to be started by a ngo to ensure quality, hygiene. A revolution is required. No change of minister can make the railway staff to work. System has become obsolete. Wake up india   

 Train no. 12206 nanda devi express from dehradun to new delhi started on 17 october was not having water in coach b2. What kind of service is this? What we should use for washing if there is no water?Please ask this to your employees who are working for filling water in coaches? What were they doing? Were they sleeping? If they are not able to complete the work please provide chance to other people who really want to serve the indian railway. Please don't waste money on such people who are not working properly   

 I had tickets booked in pooja express/12414 for 14th october and saw update that train was late by 3 hours which later got cancelled and so i cancelled my ticket to file a tdr but neither i am getting option to file a tdr nor received any refunds.Below are my ticket detailsTransaction id: [protected] pnr no [protected] train no./name: 12414 / jammu aii exp Date of journey: 14-oct-2017 date of boarding: 14-oct-2017 class: third ac (3a) From: gurgaon (Ggn) to: jaipur (Jp) boarding: gurgaon (Ggn) Resv upto: jaipur (Jp) quota: general (Gn) ticket type: e-ticket Insurance (No of psgn) : 2 insurance company : shriram general insurance travel insurance premium : 0.0 Policy issue date : 11-sep-2017 10:57:00 am travel insurance opt : yes Please refund the amount asap it's indian railways fault   

 I'm travelling in east coast express s6 coach on 17th oct, 2017 and i have seen that the reserved compartment has been fully filled with general ticket passengers and the tc has taken 100/- each for illegally allowing them to stay there. He clearly stated it costs 500/- to write a receipt. Those passengers didn't allow me to sit in my own seat even. They molested me by trying to sit on my berth when i was trying to sleep (Side lower). They literally occupied my whole seat and made me to get out from there. I scolded them to move away from there but they didn't. The tc had allowed all of them to stay in the coach itself.I experienced hell in the compartment...I question the authorities as they, who are responsible to take care of these things, are actually encouraging them.I demand the higher officials to respond to this and take stringent action.   

 To whomsoever it may concern.This is to bring to your notice that on 04/10/2017 i ordered a meal at CHHAPRA railway station with Order ID[protected]Train Number - 22411, Coach ID - A2, Seat Number - 27), which was not delivered to me. After successfully placing the order, i got a confirmation call from the merchant that stated that the merchant is aware about the delay in the train's arrival at CHHAPRA railway station and assured me that the meal would be delivered at the time of actual arrival of the train at the station. Upon the arrival of the train, no food was delivered to me, the merchant did not answer any of my calls, even though i contacted the merchant multiple times.The very next morning, i received a call from irctc for customer feedback, i asked them to lodge a complaint and provide me a complaint ID but nothing was done in that manner and the customer care employee on the other side was very rude to me, denying to register any complaint regarding this issue.I then booked a complaint on the irctc e-catering application, with complaint ID[protected]. The next day i was provided with a free coupon.This ridiculed me. Firstly, if the food could not be delivered, i should have been notified regarding the same, i was completely dependent on irctc for my meal so i had not ordered from any other vendor. The passenger travelling was my mother. She is 48 years old, and had nothing that day and was supposed to have the dinner at night that i had ordered for her. Secondly, no refund was generated for the undelivered food. What do i do with the coupon that i am provided with, with such a service, no passenger would ever order twice with irctc. The in convenience caused was very upsetting.I want a deep interrogation regarding this matter or i would have to approach higher authorities or the consumer court, Details that might be useful are mentioned below.Train Number - 22411Coach ID - A2Seat Number - 27PNR Number - [protected]Order ID[protected]Booking Date - 04/10/2017Irctc Application's Complaint ID[protected]Complaint Date - 09/10/2017 (08:29:37 IST)   

 मै सचिन कुमार शर्मा अपनी पत्नी वे बेटी के साथ ट्रैन संख्या: 16587 pnr no:[protected] coach no: b3 seat no: 1, 2, 4 में दिनांक 13:10:2017 को विजयपुर से अहमदाबाद के लिए सफर किया था। ट्रैन अहमदाबाद स्टेशन पे अपने निर्धारित समय से लगभग 1घंटा वे 50 मिनट विलम्ब से पहुची। मेरा अहमदाबाद से अजमेर के लिए ट्रेन no: 12957 pnr no:[protected] coach no:b2 में seat no: 9, 15 रिजर्वेशन बुक था। परंतु ट्रैन 16587 के समय पर नही पहुचने के कारण में ट्रैन 12957 में नही जा सका था। और मुझे टिकट cancel के कारण आर्थिक हानि रुपया 2400 हुई वे अहमदाबाद से मुझे रुपया 10000 लगा के अजमेर पहुचना पड़ा। ट्रैन के विलंभ से पहुचने के कारण मुझे आर्थिक और शाररिक हानि हुई। जबकि मेरा कोई दोष नही है। रेलवे से में अपने नुकसान की भरपाई चाहता हु।Pnr:[protected], train:16587, doj:13-10-17, 3a, bjp-adi, dep:n. A., Sachin+2, b3 1, b3 2, b3 4, Fare:3810, sc:0.0+pg+insPnr:[protected], train:12957, doj:14-10-17, 3a, adi-aii, dep:n. A., Sachin k sharma+2, b2 15, b2 9, nosb 0, Fare:2915, sc:0.0+pg+ins   

 Dear sir, Yesterday i am [protected] travelling from jammu to delhi by train no. 12478, during the journey, mr. Joginder kumar, miss behaving with us. Which is not acceptable for us, we are citizen of india, i can proudly say we are taxes payer of this country. And your department is service provider of nation. Please look in to this seriously.   

 Ticket nhi dena or passenger k sath rudely behave krnaMujhe sri karanpur se raisinghnagar jana tha m ticket lene pahucha to ticket de rhi lady ne rudely behave kiya or ticket k liya mna kr diya train chlne wali thi isliye mujhe bina ticket hi train pr chdna pda mujhe ese bura bhi lga but meri mjburi thi glti unki h m 15 min tk line me lga rha or fr bhi ticket nhi miliPlz unke against jitna zruri ho ske step uthaya jaye ese or bhi passengers ko problem hoti hThanks   

 Right now i am at mulati (Mty) station waiting for train gondwana exp. (12409) and by which i am going bhopal (Bpl) station, from there i am going jhansi (Jhs) by bhopal exp. (12155) in which my ticket is confirmed with pnr ([protected]). Now i want to know that if i miss the train would i get any refund? Or my ticket would get waste? Is there any provision of getting refund in this condition? Or you can transfer my ticket in any other train?   

 Dear sir,  Sub: not yet recd. Refund for (1) pnr [protected] & (2) pnr [protected] My onward journey was koaa to nfk vide pnr [protected] (27.09.2017) and return journey was nfk to sdah vide pnr [protected] (30.09.2017). As the train 13148, of return journey, had been cancelled by rly. Authority i have to cancel ticket for onward journey. Already 17 (Seventeen) days has elapsed till now i have not received refund amount for both the tickets.So, i request you to please take necessary action for the same.With regardsMrityunjoy dutta (M) [protected]   

 Shame on government shame on indian railways.. We r here to provide services only to the ac class.. Then y do u even have sleeper class coaches.I am travelling from jaipur to dhanbad right now by train - jodhpur howrah express 12308. I have a rac ticket in s9 55. There has been no tt visits to check my ticket or any body else's. So that i cud ask him for a confirmed seat if available.. There are 3 times more passengers in the coach than expected seats.. There are people with general and even no tickets in thos sleeper coach.. N everything in knowledge of police officers travelling in the same coach as well as tt who have just visited to take a round in the gallery and ofcourse not ticket checking.. Not only this..; there has been no water in the toilets since i have boarded the train.. N cleanliess is ofcourse not even a topic to be discussed. Its pathetic.Is this kind of service we have for common people who cant afford ac coach tickets..?? This customer care website has got 1% customer satisfaction.. N ur phone numbers are not getting connected.. I need an answer. Or else i will take it forward.   

 Name - s chatterjeeAge-31I have tried for tatkal ticket in poorva express online in irctc.com from new delhi to howrah on 16.10.17, journey date - 17.10.17 at sleeper class. The amount of rs. 817 has been deducted by railway but no feedback has been obtained nor my ticket has been confirmed. It is requested that the amount may b refunded to me.   

 Yesterday i was travelling from train no.19047 from patna to bhagalpur and three ticket checker come and ask for bribe i have general tickets so i deny to give bribe and give fine and make proper ticket as per rule but after that i see i told him toh cut all people who don't have ticket then one of them told me jayda rule mt shikao. Aur tumko jayda paisa ho gya hai.100 rs mein kaam ho jata those three are very bad to be free from corruption free railway. They take bribe from all. Plz do suspend those three who are on that time duty.Prashant kumarTata institute of social scienceMumbai   

 I had booked material from saharanpur (Sre) to balharshah (Bpq) on 10-9-2017 but not recieved yet till today date 16-10-2017 when i en quired about it in balharshah parcel office they told me that they dont have knowledge about it. Then i enquired in saharanpur station office they told me that it has been loaded in train no 12688 on 10-9-2017 hslr no 01724 but i have not recieved it yet its over month please help me to get my material thanking you sir   

 I've booked a ticket (11/10/2017) using rail yatri app from rampur to badshahnagar, train# 13020. Further details are: order id 158199Ticket amount - rs. 433.07Ticket cancellation amount : rs. 290.0Net refund : rs. 290.0During reservation, it was 280&281 wl, which later on journey date (14/10/2017) becomes wl 38 & 39. So finally we didnt had any confirmed seat as chart prepared so we didnt travel. And according to policy, if ticket not confirmed, the refund should be 100%. But we received less. We want our money back.   

 Pnr [protected]Journey dated 21.10.2017 of ganga kaveri express (12669) reservation from chennai central to chhapraTicket was prs counter ticket which was paid by credit card.It was cancelled on 10.09.2017 at bangalore bda complex reservation counter.As per the information given by the counter person the refund was supposed to get back in the concerned account within 7 days electronic refund process.It's been more than a month and refund is not yet received.   

 Sir it is very unconventional that there is no toilet facility in this train because in morning hour it became very uncomfortable to travel without being fresh with children. We are living in 21 century and not getting the toilet is very impractical. Kindly pay utmost attention in this regard. I hope you will take adequate step in this regard. Thank you   

 Train no.22413 Booking portal shows arrival time at ratnagiri us 13.20. When you look at railway enquiry and ntes apps, it shows 15.20 pm!!! I called inquiry no 139 and they also told me it is 15.20. What should i believe? Even private apps like ixigo also shows 15.20. I am surprised how two official websites give different information?Chaitanya maru   

 Hii sir i am lokesh i was travelled from stations "kcg" to "cto" stations at the time of ticket booking they are charging extra money on each ticket likely 10rs, i was asked about extra charge to my co passenger's they also tell that they charged extra money too bad, please take action against this because regularly they are collecting money in hyderabad at kachiguda railway station   

 Hello sir, I am traveling in train 14055 on the previous station buxar some person throw stones on train due to widow has broken and my father was injured so please arrange first aid facility at next available station.My pnr - [protected]Coach - s11 Seat 4Name - gauri shankar Train name - bramputramailPlease immediately arrange doctor or first aid facility as soon as next available station   

 On 13oct. Issue me sleeper class ticket from jodhpur to sriganganagar without mentioning super fast. Inspite of my verbal request.. My complain is that why sleeper class ticket with out mentioning super fast was issued to me while i have produced ac3tier valid warrant. While seat was available in ranakpurexp fm jodhpur to bikaner and bikaner to sriganganar in sarairohilla sf exp.. I am bsf employee and i have to travel in short notice due urgency of duty. Train was running. Seat was available.in ac 3 tier and i had a valid ac3tier warrant. Inspite of all above my journey from jodhpur to sri ganganagar on 13 oct17 was painfull. Kindly clarify the policy on above issue please   

 Irctc username :- mssingh00Platform used :- irctc connect appIrctc transaction id :- [protected]Train no. :- 12029 (Swarna shatabdi)Booking quota :- tatkalRoute :- new delhi (Ndls) to beas (Beas)Hdfc bank reference number :[protected]Mode of payment :- hdfc netbankingAmount :- 1056.80Date of transaction :[protected]I tried to book ticket on 10th october, 2017 for train number 12029 from new delhi to beas. During booking time, on payment page i entered the all credentials and press ok, after two seconds it shows me error. Money is debited from my account but ticket is not booked.I waited for 5 days to get my money back, but i still not get my refund back.I need my money back please do the needful.Thanks.   

 Dear sir, Kindly help urgently as the journey of mother is still on going. Let be brief the sequence of events of the same in the following paras:We have booked tatkal ticket in ac ii tier berth no. 13 for my mother neelaben, who is senior citizen from panvel to rajkot in train no. 16338 - okha express. The train started at 10.45 p. M. On 14th october, 2017 from panvel. Between surat and baroda, someone have theft the purse of my mother containing 20, 000 cash, one gold chain, one gold pendant, original aadhar card, pan card and may be other valuables, most probably attendant of the coach, who provide bedding etc. The mobile of my mother is also in the purse. The mobile no. Is [protected], which is now switched off by the thief. Still this time my mother is not reached at her destination at rajkot. Kindly take stick action against the attendant of the coach no. A 1 as we have full doubt on him and also on tc of the coach. At our surprise, no tc, security personal was available inside the coach, however indian railway charging security fees for each ticket. Kindly let me know whether the luggage are insured by the indian railway or not. My contact number is [protected] and email id is cs02hlmarthak@gmail.com.Kindly arrange to take immediate action on attendant to resolve the matter on priority.ThanksRegardsHitesh marthakSon of neelaben   

 I have got a rac seat.in which two passengers share a single seat i. E. The lower berth. The upper berth passenger is claiming that the half seat is mine for the day time. And he is not letting me seat there. And on his seat the upper one he has made seat his relative. He has captured the both seat up and down. Please send t. T and make solution for my problem. That person is talking very rudely and misbehaving with me.   

 Hi team, I have booked the tickets from ndls to gwl on 11th october from the train 12191.Here are the details of the tickets.Pnr no [protected]	train no./name: 12191 / ndls jbp sup expDate of journey: 11-oct-2017	date of boarding: 11-oct-2017	class: sleeper From: new delhi (Ndls)	to: gwalior (Gwl)	boarding: new delhi (Ndls)When we reached the station to board the train we found the announcement that train got cancelled. Even checked with the enquiry they even told train got cancelled.But it was showing the confirm tickets in the irctc. So, i tried to cancel the tickets then i got the message that after chart preparation we can't cancel the tickets.You can see in your records as well while booking the ticket it was showing that we will get the train form new delhi railway station we reached the same around 2 hours prior but as per the screen display & the inquiry information as well, there was cancellation of train, after that we left from ndls & reached nzm to get another train later when we tried to cancel our ticket in sriram express were not able to do that, in that case first of all we get disappointed from railway's team because we booked our train almost one and half month back we came from bangalore to delhi through flight & thought to get the train from ndls but nothing worked as per our plan due to end time train cancellation.At least we think railway's team should do a justice with customer to check whether what exactly happen with us, i am expecting you will go ahead & identify the exact cause for train cancellation at the last stage from new delhi railway station & kindly proceed for our refund.Please let us know in case if you need any other details from out side, thanks in advance   

 I was travelling in ii ac (Berth no :31 a1 coach) in falaknuma express from secunderabad to srikakulam road station by on 10 th october 2017. I kept my mobile phone (Samsung galaxy on 5 pro) for charging in the ii ac coach on a side table beside berth no:31. The train reached visakhapatnam station at 3.30 am on 11th october 2017. Suddenly as the train was moving from the platform, some unknown person entered and ran away by stealing my phone device. I saw the person, he is a tall and wearing a white shirt. I could not follow him as i was an old man of 66 years age and suffering from osteo arthrites (Oa) and walkng with the help of the hand stick. The same thing has been brought to the notice of the concerned tt. I got down at srikakulam station by 6.30 am on 11th october 2017 and a complaint has been lodged at that station with the help of the inspector sri. Ravikumar who is an extremely nice person. I came to know that my complaint was forwarded to visakhapatnam rs and i talked to sri. Venkateswara rao, inspector who is another excellent gentleman. On his advice, i have sent to him the imei numbers of the device. ([protected] and [protected]) the stolen phone is in black colour and it was purchased on[protected]. I will be grateful if u could kindly help me getting back the stolen phone as all the sufficient information is given. I am a retired scientist from a national laboratory, hyderabad and i was going to srikakulam for attending the board of studies meeting as its member in the dr. Ambedkar university. Once again i appeal u to help me. Further, i will appreciate if such things do not happen to anybodyRegards, Dr. V subrahmanya sarmaMobile: [protected]Address: plot no:129, h. No:1-49/6, street no:3Suryanagar colony, uppal x roads, Hyderabad-500039   

 I have booked one refrigerator and four packets household goods from bankura (Bqa) to ballery (Bay) station out of that i have received only refrigerator and three packet household goods packet, one packet is missing. I have contacted several times over phone to bankura and ballery station for my missing packet but they are not yet got any feedback. Kindly look the matter since so many important things are there in that packet. Consignment done via howrah (Hwh)Booking date-25/09/2017Total weight-3 quintalTin no. -19aaagm0289cizrPlease do the needfulContact no. Saheb dutta-[protected]   

 Hydrebad to rauxal exp. Delayed by 9 hours.. I want answers why delayed it.. Train arrived at 12/10/2017 from hyderabad.. No any road accident no any cause of fog.. Then why train delayed by9 hours. My pnr number is [protected]. My seat b2 35.. My number [protected].. I want now what is reason... If anyone see my complaint than give me immediately..   

 Respected sir, Please noted that dated on 6th october, 2017, we the under mentioned eight persons were passenger in the train 12334 bibhuti exp. From varanasi to howrah.That train reach howrah after 13 hours late running with a lot of bitter experience.. Neither a coach attendance nor a rpf were there for any assitance. We want justice. Please do the needful.Yours' sincerelyTapan das, namita das, tapati das,, tarun kanti das, harshadyuti nag (Pnr 233-5477437) & mrinal bhattacharya, alo pramanick, antara pramanick. (Pnr 233-5478108).   

 Dear sir / mam The ticket was cancelled on 2 octomber against the pnr no [protected]. On regualr basis the follow is going on from my side but there is no any positive response is happened from railway customer care team. The provided contact no ([protected]) is not picked up (Only one time picked and the executive said that the server is busy). On callinbg 138 or 139 they say that call to[protected]Please suggest how the communication can be happened if nether the reply on mail nor on phone is happened from the customer care no. Awaiting the positive response Regards, himanshu rai (Mobile no [protected])   

 Delay in train number 22482 delhi jodhpur superfast is delayed by 3hours 30 mins, horrible service of indian railway. We got a message at 8:30pm that train will depart from sarai rohilla at 1an. We reached here by 11pm as there is no proper transport services from my area now at 1am they are announcing that it will depart at 2:45. Sitting in open with lot of mosquitoes mosquitoes with two small kids. I request you to please don't harass passengers we are paying for the services you are giving us, it is not a free service.   

 Today when i was gone to railway station of mathura. During ticket counter the ticketer abuse me. He forbid to give me ticket. He refused to exchange money. Staion - bhuteshwar (Mathura area, up)Time 17:30 to 6:00 date 13-10-2017  He is only there at unreserved counter. I don't know more about that man. On that i had no time to complain to station master. My train is on platform   

 On my last journey it was noted that every stations about 30 passenger have been left from the train but passengers didn't get any seat from TT against priority of W/L. It is my humble request to Railway to allot seats to the passenger before prepared chart according to vaccant seats of next any station to W/L passengers & SMS on that basis before prepare chart .   

 This is in reference of train no. 13006 & 13005 amritsar to howrah (Up down) train late arrival & departure from last 7 days. This is creating problem to us in festive season like diwali travel to home. Please help us to get this on time before diwali, we have booked tickets from rajpura (Punjab) to shahjahanpur up dated 17.10.17 & return ticket dated 28.10.17.   

 In service, Sir, Jai hind, Himachal pradesh district kangra tehshil nagrota bagwan assembly constituency nagrota bagwan is requested to all the people that the northern railway station nagrota bagwan and northern railway station b/w palampur is located in the nothern railway station chamunda marg. This station has been built in 1974, along with several religious places and major tourist sites. People come from all over india visit and visit this station, and this station is full of crowd all day long. And passengers are faced with a huge problem due to lack of ticket facility. Many times, taking tickets from the front and back stations keeps the fear of accidents. Pessenger tickets are not available here for the following reasons. This station has been closed by the firozepur located in the senior commerce divisional officer and has stopped the purchase and sale of tickets so that many passengers have to be deprived of ticket travel.Therefore, the hunble prayer of all the people and the journeyers of nagrota bagwan, is to order that the station be re-operated smoothly, the ferozepur, located in the northern railway senior divisional officer, should be ordered shortly. It will be your great mercy.The residents of nagrota bagwan will always be greatful.Thank you   

 I have an account no. [protected] at sbi churchgate, mumbai. My revised ppo had been sent by eastern railway, kolkatta on 9/9/2017 and was received by cppc kolkata on 11/9/2017.Unfortunately till now i have not received revised pension and arrears. I have also not received d. A. Arrears. Please look into it and give me feedback on the following email:Msmathur_1999@yahoo.comThanking you, Mukesh sahai mathurRetired director irimee jamalpurPpo no. [protected]   

 From, Guru das roy, Qtr no. 6c -!/3, new town,, asansol, pin — 7133326 Mobile no : [protected], e mail add – gurudasroydgp@gmail.comSub : public grievances against a railway staff (Tc) postad at / working at/ onduty at durgapur stn., eastern railway (Asansol div) for illegitimate charge fined on a legitimate ticket holding passenger.Sir,  With due respect i, sri gurudas roy of an ex serviceman (Air force) would like to draw your kind attention for the following few lines which may sympathetically be perused for taking appropriate needful action at all required levels in indian railways (Specifically eastern railways, asansol division) so that the poignantly felt mental harassment due to illegitimate fines incurred /charged upon a legitimate ticket holding passenger like me is stopped. 1. I availed burdwan bounded asansol – buardwan emu passenger train with my family having valid passenger ticket no.83427571 dated 01.10.2017 for self and ticket no.83427570 dated 01.10.2017 for my wife and daughter leaving asansol at 0900 am on 01.10.2017 (Xerox copies of ticket are enclosed herewith along with fine excess fare ticket). 2. After boarding out of that passenger train at durgapur stn. I broke my journey there (Appx from 1005 to 1020 am) at platform no 1to receive my daughter’s mobile phone through my niece which she had left at my home town (Trilock chandra pur), my niece conveyed massage through mobile phone she would handed over it at entrance/exhit point at platform no. 1 at durgapur stn.Accordingly i approached to platform no 1 (Around 1025am to 1035am) to words the entrance point. There one ticket collector (On duty) at exit gate checked my legitimate passenger ticket no. 83427571 and illegitimately forced fine while putting false charge over me saying that i had travelled by express train/mail train (In the meantime and one mail/ express train also came at durgapur stn.) and i had over stayed at platform premises. He was not having any proof of his claim/ saying but i was holding solid proof of my valid passenger ticket.3. Hundreds and thousands of such kind of cases are happening and getting unnoticed over various rly. Stns.in india such kind of tc’s are to be given exemplary punishment by any means and while formulating reliable policy/ rules/ regulation/vigilantism, such kind of harassment with honest and innocent passenger is eradicated. Thanks with due regards anticipating your kind and sympathetic consideration and needful action after initiating necessary enquiry (Sir, you can checked my truthfulness may be justified over cc tv coverage) at all required levels or forums.  Regards. Date :13.10.2017 yours faithfully Gurudas roy.Encl:  As stated.   

 I have applied for online payment of pli (Aea plan) premium and i have given my email id & registered mobile no. For this purpose. After that i got a message from site that they will send a link within 24 hours and i have to confirm the login by clicking that link but i didn't received such link in my email id till now. So please tell me what i have to do for online payment of my premium? Thank you Mahipal Mb. [protected]   

 Your railway ticjet booking officer is sleeping during working hour. And jab maine unko ticket lene ke liye uthaya to rudel mujhe bola ki bolene ki tamiz ni h. So this is ur railways staf is way of talkinv to coustomer. I want to take a strict action on its. The incudent is happen at datia (Daa) railway station genral ticket counter. Other i file a complain on higher level   

 Horrible journey we faced in 12510 train on 9th oct 2017, i have confirmed reservation in s5 coach (My pnr no [protected]) 35, 37, 38 but no place to enter into that coach, it is looking like general compartment full of people everywhere (Max number of people doesn't have reservation tickets), even if we want to go to toilets also not possible to go, i waited for tc till rajahmundry but i couldn't found him, so i get down at rajahmundry and next day i came to bangalore by bus, loss of money, loss of time   

 This is regarding the tdr i file for refund as the train was late more then 3 hrs against (Pnr number [protected].)As per the mail received on 1 aug’ 2017 it has been rejected with the reason “passengers have travelled”. I was not travelled by the same train. I had booked another tatkal ticket for the same day (Pnr no is [protected] in durg - hzarat nizammudin humsafar exp.) and travelled with this train. How can it be possible that same passenger travelled by two different train.So i have filled the complain on railway's official website about this and post this complain i noticed that another tdr filled for the same. But this tdr request also cancelled by railways with same reason. How can it be possible that same passenger travelled by two different train.It seems that railways/ticket collectors sell the ticked to other passenger and marked it "passenger travelled" the are making a big fraud of allotting booked seats to the different passengers and earing money.I have all the evidences which proof that i was not travelled with the same train and the amt should get refund back to my account.Could you please reopen the tdr and refund the amount.   

 Submit a complaintI had parcel my bedding and books in single parcel from gwalior (Mp) indian railway parcel service on 23 aug 2017 with prr no.[protected] (Pwb/sdl-shahdol) for delivering in shahdol (Mp) but till now (Almost 2 months) parcel had not been delivered., and there is no correct information where is my parcel.. And parcel is missing. No information from gwalior or shahdol... It is quite frustating and disappointing. Plz helpI had also complaint ealier with complaint no. W/nc/jhs/[protected] but no action taken and complaint is closed. I am loosing faith from indian railway parcel service.   

 I purchased/ booked two tickets through irctc next generation ticket booking co. For train no.12412/ intercity express from amritsar to chandigarh on 29.09.2017 bearing transaction id no. [protected] pnr no. [protected] for date of journey 29.09.2017. There is no message for cancellation of train was sent to me on my mobile no. It is surprised that when my daughters gone to the amritsar rail;way station, the train was cancelled due to the agitation of farmers near jalandhar railway station. Uptill now amount of e tickets was not refunded to me. I wrote a mail to the customer care and e-tickets regarding this. Instead of refund to me, they replied that the train was not cancelled. Kindly check the matter and again inquired about this. Because i personally checked on that day for this train and the status of the train was shown as cancelled.   

 On 26/09/2017 i, akash shivani, was travelling in train no 12405 gondwana express in a1 coach on berth no 1 & 3. Around 01: 00 at night my wife noticed her handbag was missing. The handbag contained 2 purses, one watch, around cash of rs 8000/-, two mobile phones iphone 6s (No: [protected]) (Imei no: [protected]) & oneplus 3t (No [protected]) (Imei no: [protected], [protected]). The coach had very few passengers. The attendant was sleeping just beside on side lower seat. On reaching mathura i lodged a fir on 27/09/2017 but till date, we have no clue on it. While travelling we tried to trace the phone by an app, it was showing that mobile location was showing in the train. I am not sure but attendant may be a part of this theft.I request you to please look into the matter, the copy of fir is attached.   

 I am working for installation of wifi on station. From beas station i get a ticket of beas to pathankot and there on beas and enquiry person told me that u go first on amritsar junction then there u will get another train to pathankot. When i try to catch next train then one tc check my ticket and make a fine on me then i asked him for reason he didn't tell me any appropriate reason and when i told him to take me there higher officer he did not take me and forcelly takes money when i asked his name he did not told but he had a tattoo with name prabhu so this is the railway system that if i am working for them also i have to pay.   

 Pnr: [protected]Train no: 12401Train was delayed by more than 11 hours...Journey of 9 hours takes about 13 hours...It is a routine for the railway staff to delay this train and others... Keep the train at halt for half an hour or more at various stations where there is no stoppage...Problem faced regularly in allahabaad and danapur regions...Request check the movements of trains around these two stations and try not to stop the trains unnecessarily   

 Dear sir, i am gaurav kumar rathore indian citizen of hathras. When i was travelling from hathras to njp by kavi guru expres train no. 19709 on 10/10/17 my bag was stolen at katihar junction. The bag having about 2000 rupees, 2 sbi debit card, one iob debit card, my driving licence and my passport, all are stolen at katihar junction. When i want to fir / complaint in the train, the tt tellme, there is no rpf personnels in the traine. The disguisting thing which we noticed was that there were no rpf personnels in the train and even train superintentend was not present in the train on that day. Sir, this is a serious case which the authorities have to take care of. Now we are afraid to travel in train. Who is responsible for this? Sir who will answer to this? Please enquire the same and kindly take immediate action.Hope this will be considered seriously Truly yoursGaurav kumar rathoreSeat no. A1/43   

 Dear sir, As mentioned above i have tried to book my ticket on 1/10/2017 from bangalore to hyderabad through tatkal through mobile app. During the process amount got deducted from my account but ticket haven't booked. So i was waiting for my refund which i haven't received yet. So please look in this matter and kindly do the needful. When can i expect my refund as its already 7 working days done.Irctc txn id - 100000996793303Booking date - 01/10/2017Regards, Vinay kumar   

 We were group of 18 people travelling from raichur and secunderabad to jalna by train no 17417 tirupati to shiridi sai nagar in coach b2. We had our dinner very late by 11 pm and we all chatted and slept around 1 pm and one of our cousin got down at nizamabad station to get drinking water by around 2 am and he also slept by 2:30 am. Jalna was suppose to arrive at 6:30am and i woke up all by 5 am itself so that they can be refreshed as kids were along but when our cousin went to washroom she found her purse hanging there and when she checked that cash was missing and other stuffs were intact and when she came and informed all everybody checked their purses strangely found that cash to the tune of around 36000 from 3 of the purses. The attender the staffs were all reluctant to search or help us to raise fir nor they did coordinate. We suspect on the railway staff itself as the were avoiding us itself. Kindly enquire and solve our issue and one more important thing was we found two more guys who lost their mobiles and were complaining to the respective staffs even they didn't handle them properly and they were just saying to lodge complaint at their respective destiny railway stations.   

 The following tickets were cancelled on various dates and the refund amounts are yet to reach my bank account.1. Pnr no. [protected] lucknow-new delhi 1 passenger. Rs. 410=002. Pnr no. [protected] new delhi-kottayam 1 passenger rs. 1320=00 Cancellation was intimated to me vide email dt. 25/08/2017 along with  Refund amount as above. 3. Pnr no.[protected] kottayam-new delhi 1 passenger rs. 1555=00 4. Pnr no. [protected] new delhi-lucknow 1. Passenger rs. 410=00 Cancellation was intimated to me vide email dt. 08/09/2017 with  Amounts 5. Pnr no. [protected] lucknow-ernakulam jn. 1 passenger rs. 2095 Cancellation was intimated to me vide email dt.26/09/2017 Total refund amount = rs.5790=00 The tickets vide pnr no. [protected] new delhi-kottayam & pnr no.  [protected] kottayam-new delhi were booked on cash on delivery  (Anduril technologies pvt. Ltd, 843, tower-b, spaze i-tech park, sohna  Expressway, sector 47, gurugram, haryana - 122002).  The above amounts may please be credited to my canara bank, no 1  Vishal khand 5, gomti nagar, lucknow-226010, up, sb a/c no. [protected], ifsc code : cnrb0002534.  My irctc id is"nairrain" through which i booked the tickets and  Cancelled the tickets.   

 Train 12920 from jalandhar to new delhi was delayed by more than 9.30 hours for a distance of only 365 kms. I missed my connecting train to indore from new delhi due to this delay. It was informed that a scheduled maintenance was a cause of this delay. No prior information was given by the railway authorities. I missed office due to this mishap. Railways needs to take responsibility and refund my tickets.   

 Dear sir/madam, I am pradeep, daily passenger from hisar to adampur. Sir now a days kisan express 14519 is running very late, due to this a bulk of passengers are reaching much late at their home at night. And all plans to do something at evening time at home are ruining everyday. So please do some thing for us as soon as possible. We shell be thankful to you for this.   

 Respected sirI was booked ticket from s. A. S nagar mohali to beas with 2s from irctc web siteTransaction id:[protected] on dated 3.10.2017And Beas to mohali with 2s from irctc web siteTransaction id: [protected] on dated 28.09.2017 pnr number [protected]Dated 28.9.2017 ticket has booked. But due to some reason train has been cancelled. That's why i want back my money in my account.But dated 3.10.2017 my ticket has not booked but money is deducted from my bank account. And it showing failed transactionSo kindly i request u plzz transfer my refund to my bank account as soon as possibleI have thrice mail a complaint to etickets@irctc.co.in, Care@irctc.co.in but they not respondingPlzz do need full...   

 I have booked a ticket in tatkal a/c iii class for journey from anand to jodhpur journey scheduled on 01/10/2017 departure time o train was 11pm but train was let and came at12.36 night stopage of the train at anand is 2 miniuts. I stand at b4 coach indicator. When train arrived i try to enter in the coach but the coach was locked in side i knocked the coach many times but the door was not opened then i rushed to another coach luckily door of b5 was alredy opened i hardly enter in the train after start of train, in side the train i searched the attendant but no body was their.in entire journey nobody has checked my ticket.in this journey i had only one beg with me suppose if family with kids travel what happened. I am 61 year old person how i caught the train i could not explain. You please understand the situationPnr no.[protected]Ain	Train number :	22476	Coach no :	b4	Berth / seat no. :	36Status	addressed   

 Indian railways are unsafe and irresponsibleMy mother in law hand bag and wife wallet got stolen in udhyan express on 10.10.17 morning from 2tier a-2 seat no 32.32.33 at early morning in between adoni-mantralaya. All the doors were unlocked in the night.No attendant was available.No railway police force available in train.No tte available.Feeling unsafe to travel in indian railways. Feeling ashamed of indian railways. Cash around 25k got stolen and important documents. Pnr no. [protected]   

 Sir, i am a student and today (10/10/2017), i bought ticket from new garia to sealdah.. But i deeply regret my inconvenience as i did not buy a return ticket.. And the tt caught me... His first reaction was... Give 260.. As i did not had tht mney... I requested a cosideration as i am a student, and i was in rush and it's a matter of regret.. But then he asked me to show how much money i have.. I mean "dikhao kitna mney hai".. Wht sort of a question is this? "dikhao"??? Why? I said i had 150... Which is true... But he wants to check my purse and my backpack! After that, i called my guardian and there he talked with. My guardian! Which officer does tht! And there he said 140 deal, but i was not going to give him any money.. So he lowered his rate to 100... Thn 50.. And meanwhile, when i was calling my guardian he passed a cmmnt saying "give the ph to me"... I mean wht sort a govt. Employee he is? He was in civil dress and i truly did not saw any batch or, something like tht... And whn i ws so stubborn.. The another man (Too in civil dress without any coat or, batch) told me to go home... Now i wanna ask if they were really railway personnel or, complete fraud? Wht is this? If they r true employees thn why first 260, thn 150, 100, 50 these considerations? I dnt think govt. Produce so many receipt fr fines! It's my wholehearted request to stop harrasing ppl by frauds!   

 Hi team, My name is suma khan, iam from vidisha (Madhya pradesh) and from past 5 yrs iam staying in bangalore (Karnataka) and its very difficult for me, no stopage of karnataka train at my station and all trains are crossing by that route. Its my request to solve this prblm in next budget, atleast 1 train stopage shuld be thr, Hope for the bestThanksSuma khan   

 Sir, my maternal grandmother n grandfather was traveling from kota to bhubhaneshwar on 8/10/17 and during thier journey, at night my granny's hand bag was stolen. It was of black colour and on it it was written rich born, it was a simple bag n contained things like - her specs, her small purse inside the bag that had some money, some imp. Books too. If found pl. Contact to [protected][mr. S. K. Nayak]. Pl. Take immediate action for it.Thank you.   

 So upset to inform the poor facility of 2tier ac coach in kamakhya express including late schedule by 6 hours... So annoying things happening in indian railway at this modern time. 2nd tier ac coach is seems like a general coach, people without ticket block the seats.More over ac not working and nasty toilet. Broken water tap.Request to please take a look and prove this is very important.   

 Hello sir, With reference to the captioned subject matter, i am a resident of india and i want to inform you that dated 17th september 2017 at about 1.00 am, while i am travelling from beas to bhusawal junction in train no 12716 sachkhand express. I lost my hand bag, i am sure it was stolen by some body while i am taking train in the train between bina junction and itarshi junction.My hand bag (Colour black) having following things1. Two mobile phone : I. Model: redmi note 4 dual sim Color: black Imei no: [protected] Imei no: [protected] Ii. Samsung galaxy j3 pro duos gold sm3. Original aadhar cards4. Speaks (Chashma)5. Original driving licence.6. Around 11, 000/- cashKindly register my complaint and kindly request you to take any action immediately and also i request you to investigate this matter on a urgent basis and return my mobile as early as possible and obliqueThanking you, Yours faithfullyRajani sangtaniEmail: canikhilsangtani@gmail.comMobile:[protected], [protected]   

 59050 train runs late since years but since last 2 months this train runs late by more than 40 mins to 1.30hrs for almost 5 days in a week. Everyday commuters post across social media, does online complains, visits station master office, etc but no where we are answered. At station let it be surat, bilimora, udhana, they give so lame replies and are least concerned also and we can feel it from the way they reply us. No one at all is concerned about small issues in india everyone just wants to do big big but cannot benefit normal people and hear them.Disgusting railway management!!!   

 Dear sir, I have to travel with my husband, my sister-in-law son and with my little baby from lucknow to ghaziabad on 8 oct 2017. We have booked our tickets in the padmavat express in tatkal so that we travel comfortably and able to join our on time. But we missed the train as on the board the platform mentioned is 2 but train passes from 3. We suffers alot that day we have not got seat n another train also. We missed our join and lost health even my small kid get disturbed. I want my money back as well as my loss such as missed my job and the problems that we faced.   

 Dear sir, Today i am travelling from bharatpur to new delhi after taking general ticket from bharatpur railway counter when i asked to tte for make difference fare of sleeper class. He put my ticket and say for 100 rs i request for only make difference fare ticket after reaching at mathura he came and told me for penalty of 310 rs. When i request again he make misbehave me. And make a panalty ticket.I request you for control for this type of incident and travellers do a happy journey. RegardsVarun sharma [protected].Ticket no 69926242Penalty ticket no 525029Date 9/10/2017   

 Dear, we daily travel from akurdi to pune at 09.09 am and return the at 07.05 pm same, we travel in first class coach which is last in the train, in that coach some ladies travel and they fight with people every days because in the crowd by mistaken any one touch them, we told that ladies why you not travel in ladies coach but they not listen and scold on people and use abusing language, we also call to customer complaint number for many general people travel from first class coach but no action taken from station tc or rpf. Need action on ladies.   

 Hi i am satpreet singh today i want to go to delhi in shatabdi train but your train is late. I want to cancle my booking and i want my refund back which you cannot give me back. If you will not refund then i will do something like legal issue contact to me and solove my problem. I want cancletion because my othe ticket booked from delhi to ranchi and your shatabdi train is not reached on time thats why i cancle my both ticket and i want my full money back and cancle my ticket which is from amritsar to delhi. My contact no. Is [protected]. Contact me as soon as possible if not then i legaly case on railway. Help me othe wise face the problms. And i give negative view against you   

 In the village dhana shamshabad, railways constructed the underpass for crossing the railway track, however the water treatment not proper inside the underpass, even the little rain blocks the complete way and no way to cross it. The problem is affected more than 20 villages. I have attached 2 images of the location, i will added more if and rain will happened.Thanks, Detailed location address : dhana shamshabad, barari, mathura, near mathura refinery, 281005   

 Respected sirSince today i have booked ticket from rukadi to kalyan with 3berth from irctc mobile aapSince my ticket has not booked but money is deducted from my bank account. And it showing failed transactionSo i kindly request u plzz transfer my refund to my bank account as soon as possibleTransaction id: 100001007276054I have thrice mail a complaint to 	etickets@irctc.co.in, Care@irctc.co.in but they not respondingPlzz do need full   

 Valsad dahod train me general compartment me tickets lekar bethne vale passenger ko mst vale utha dete he so pls do something about this matter agar passenger ko general compartment me nahi beth ne dege to passengers kaha jayenge so pls do something mst vale general compartment me bhi apana rouf jamate he or passenger ko bethne nahi dete or agar koe passenger age se betha ho to use bhi utha k beth jate he so general compartment me es tarah ki problem ko pls solved kiya jaye   

 I am a student (Nataraj) persuing m. Tech in iit kgp travelling from bengaluru to kharagpur in 12509 gauhati express. My laptop bag containing a dell lap service no [protected] and my collage id and two atm cards and clothes was stolen around 6 :00 am at chennai station on 07/10/17. I informed tc, and all other service providers their response was not good. There was no rpf in the train. I was travelling in 3 tyre (Coachb2 seat 48). There is no privacy and security in 3 tyre coaches and you are providing facilities for sleeping. What is need for providing sleeping facilities without having safety for our luggage. How can some body travel in such trains.   

 Sir.. Jodhpur se varanasi ko jane vali train 14854 15 ghante deri se jane ki sambhavna he ish vakya ko sun_sun kar bheja fat raha he ye kesi vyvastha he 3 month pahle seat book karne ke bad bhi in samsyayo ka samna karna padta he, bahut paresani hoti he hamara imergency work tha 8/10/17 ko kanpur me berojgar he job ka interview tha kon jimmedar he ishka   

 Respected sir, I am the daily commuter between ahmedabad to baroda in intercity train no 19035. The departure time for this train is 18.20 and arrival time at ahmedabad is 8.30. But since last 1 year i had never seen that the train arrives at ahmedabad on schedule. Since last 1 monnth, this train arrives at 21.15 at ahmedavad i/o 8.30. Most of the daily commuter between ahmedabad to baroda comes in this train. Kindly take necessary steps to regularise the time as all commuter reach their homes at proper time. Thanking you and wait for positive responce.   

 Dear sir I have a book ticket pnr no [protected]. The ticket is not confirm and ticket is cencelled but todeya date is no coming amount to my bank account ticket amount is not refund  I am very said so please add amount to my bank account  Please refund my ticket amount Thanking youRamshwer sahu s/o ramsiya sahu Rewa madhya pradesh   

 13332 up pnbe-dhn intercity is running late regarding this i want to ask from railway enquiries. I called to railway enquiry kiul, jasidih i rang 3 times tojasidih railway enquiry but they don't pick up the phone. Now u say what would i do.. This is not the first time it always happen. I hope u will take some action regarding thisYours faithfully ritu raj Ritusonuraj@gmail.com [protected]   

 Dear sir, I am premnath pandey, i had my reservation in train no. 12369 kumbh express, dated 05.10.2017 from jasidih to haridwar at 5 pm, but the train was rescheduled for 10pm (Late by 5 hours) and actually came at 11.34pm. We were boarded in kumbh express (12369), in ac 3 tier coach 2b my pnr no. [protected], with my wife and other 5 relatives, when we get up in morning around 7.30 after varanasi station, we came to know that our trolley bag containing the amount of rs.25, 000 cash, 2 set of shirt paint, my wife 5 saree and other necessary things, was missing, i had informed the tt and attendant but nobody register my complaint, then i tried to lodge an fir at lucknow station but they told me to lodge an fir at my destination point and refused to lodge the complaint. I had missed my train in all the while, and my wife had to travel alone with other 5 members, i tried to call on your helpline no. 1512, and 182 but nobody was responding over there. So, you are requested to please suggest me what to do now, which kind of security you have provided even in ac coach. Please do the needful.Yours sincerely, Premnath pandeyVictim passengerContact no.[protected]Alternate no. [protected]   

 Sir i have been harassed for last 7 month for the refund of my ticket as i booked my ticket According to them my ticket was booked during currency closed time and the amount is more than 5000 (Five thousand only) so the money would be deposited in my account but till date there is no such refund. And officers sitting at patna station and biskuman bhawan are harrasing me and making me run from this place to other. So i kindly request you to plz see forward and sort my problem because i m feed up with their harassment and rude behaviour.Sir i have done the attachment of all the papers.Jyoti Patna, bihar [protected]   

 Dear sir/madam, I had booked a ticket from sholapur to yeshwantpur in 2a for the date 02/10/2017. Ticket was on waitlist. Neither got confirmed nor got cancelled. I was charged 765 rupees for the ticket. This is second issue i'm facing in the last 10 days. I kindly request you to revert back on this issue at the earliest and process the refund.Thank you   5

 I am waiting at the station for the tatkal 2ac ticket since morning at the time of tatkal reservation the printer stopped working and the reservation counter person not even responding to the answers when it is going to get rectified and what happened, why u stopped selling tickets. What kind of service it is no proper functioning of the system equipment now the entire tickets got booked, because of that improper service i paid 3500 rs instead of 2500 rs who is going to pay the rest of the money   

 सेवा में श्री मान जी निवेदन करना है की प्रार्थी ने मई 2017 में बिकलांग प्रमाण पत्र नवीनीकरण करने के लिए डी आर एम आफिस झांसी में जमा किया था किन्तु 5 माह बीत जाने के बाद भी प्रार्थी के प्रमाण पत्र का नवीनीकरण नहीं किया गया जिससे प्रार्थी को बहुत परेशानी हो रही है। अतः श्रीमान जी से निवेदन है की प्रार्थी का प्रमाण पत्र नवीनीकरण करने के लिए आदेशित करे आपकी महान दया होगी।   

 My pnr no. Was [protected] and date of travel was 03-oct-2017 and the train number is 12802 (Puroshottam exp). The coach no. Is s5. When we boarded the train from gaya station we saw that our seats were occupied by general passengers. Even after making repeated requests the general passengers are reluctant to leave our seats. We have to fight with them to get our seats. Even the ticket checkers of the train did not supported us. He only said that "what can i do". The coach is full of general passengers. The ticket checkers are settling the matters with general ticket holders by taking bribes. We book tickets 4 months earlier so that we can travel comfortably. But here we are face so much difficulties. Railway department should look in this matter   

 I raghav mantri travelling in humsafar (22705) from delhi safdar jung to ambala. The train timing is for arriving at ambala was 1 pm but till now it has not arrived.This train has no stoppage from delhi safdar jung to ambala but this train has stopped many times (More than 5) for 30 minutes. I need the immediate response why this train get late after reaching delhi.   

 Please note that i have a reservation code pnr no [protected], dated 27/08/2017, i have received message that the train has been cancelled and i have taken the another ticket in other train, and when i want to cancell the ticket i got message that train is cancelled refund will be done automatically but latter on train is resumed.Please find attached screen shot of the cancellation window.I have filled online complain but every time i get replied that complain is closed. Complain no for your ref w/wr/bct/[protected]   

 Dear sir /madem mera pnr :[protected] train:12475 date of junrny[protected] sl, rtm - jat pratik parmar s9 4 no sleeper seat, sir mere trolly beg subah mathura se delhi ke beech kisi ne chori kar liya he train me na police he na tc he complent karne me b problem he pls help me my contect no.[protected] pls help me and send me replay as soon as. Thank you   

 This is not a compliant but suggestion.. This train 16525 has all new coaches. I regularly travel in 2tier.. The water mug is kept in left side and is really hard to rinse. It shud hv been in right which is a pure design fault.. Also mostly water is not available to flush which makes passengers uncomfortable and toilets as usual smells bad.. Railways shud do smtjg innovative on the hygeine part which is pathetic on most of trains   

 Dear sir, I am avinash harne was travelling to raipur from nagpur on 2 nd of oct17, boarded in train (Train no. 18239 shiv nath exp) at 11.35 pm at nagpur, i lost my mobile handset (Samsung grand duo) in s4 coach after durg station, before durg station i have checked, mobile was with me. Kindly consider my application and returned my mobile handset if any body submit my mobile handset to railway police or board. Thanking you.My details are, Avinash harne[protected] Mowa raipur.   

 I want to know that why this system is not treating train no.12191 (Shridham super fast exp) nzm-jbp equally. Is a record of it.. It is getting late everyday. I’m sitting from last 2:30 hours in this train. Firstly it was standing for 1 hour at new delhi station and then half an hour at the outer of hazrat nhizamuddin station and then at present standing in nzm station for last 1 hour. Your “great” management is continuously passing trains and getting this train late.. I request you to do something immediately... As all the passengers are getting angry. Plz check the status of the train. And i request you to plz remove super fast express from the train’s name.   

 Dear sir, i have reservation in train no. 18183 dt 29.09.2017 pnr [protected] from tatanagar to jasidih (Jsme). My connecting train is utkal exp (18477) from puri to tatanagar. Utkal exp timing in tatanagar is 6am but it arrive in tatanagar at 9am dt 29.09.2017. Therefore my next train 18183 left the station at 8.20 am. And i suffer from many problem with my old & child member. I contact to station manager tatanagar but deny to any help because of e ticket. Therefore i requesting at least please refund money.Passenger name_.  B tiwari 34 m c1 65A tiwari. 29 f c1 62C devi 64 f c1 63R n tiwari 70 m c1 64A k trivedi 55 m c1 55   

 Dear sir, I hv booked tickets from irctc website and file tdr due to partially cancelled. Pnr no [protected], complain no: morly/e/2017/17143. Made complain twice but didn't got any resolution. Case was closed without given the money credited in my account.The money is approved by northern railway on 30 aug but refund is not credited in my account. Kindly see the case on priority basis.   

 Dear sir, Today 4/10/17 train number 22132I am a physically handicapped person having the disability of amputation to my right leg. First i should thank providing a separate disabled coach for exclusive disabled persons. But regularly in this coach non-disabled passengers are travelling and not allowing the disabled persons neither to sit nor to board the train. The railway authorities is failed in implementation part of separate coach. Though there is a penalty of rs. 500/- for boarding non disabled persons into disabled coach, no tte is visiting to this coach to check. If anybody want to travel ticketless the disabled coach is the safest coach. The police personnel who is suppose to safeguard the system allowing non disabled passengers by taking petty amount.   

 Sir, I am traveling from ayodhyapattam to chennai egmore train number 11064, i have simple general ticket but general compartment is full so i boarded in sl coach, when tc came i told him to make my challan slip but he didn't and start misbehave, he take money from someone else and give him seat. I don't know the name of tc but please check and take action., otherwise i will file a case against him.   

 Dear sir, This is to bring to your knowledge.On 29th sept-lucknow double takker tt did not came even once to inspect the ticket.As i was carrying some water based paint so i was allowed after i paid 250/ to security at x ray counter as i have no option to deposit at gate as i was supposed to return after couple of days.While on me return on 2nd oct on gomti exp again no tt came to check the ticket and un reserved passengers made journey difficult as i can not access wash room as people were standing on way.Why no tt comes in day time?Govt official get best salary & privileges for doing nothing.Regards   

 I booked ticket in train 13238 (1/10/17) which was scheduled to come on swm at 4:25 pm but it came on 2/10/17 at 2:45 pm and now instead of managing its time it is getting more late. I am writing this at 4:14 pm (3/10/17) and still in the train.This train is currently 28 hrs late and getting more late.Kindly see the issues as india do have people who have some value of their time.Thanks   

 Sir we have daily travel between "nidaghatta halt to kengeri bangalore".The train timing to nidaghatta halt is 7.10.. But it daily comes 25 or 30 m late.My office began in 9.00 am. But we are going daily in 9.20 or 9.30 am.My boss strictly warning me. Otherwise he cut my sallary.So many people are suffering from delead train. Plz take a action sir, and also We complaint nearest stations. No use. Plz solve this problam sirPlz help us   

 Dear sir, This is in regard to my pnr no -[protected]. I booked the reservation sheet dated 20 june 2017 in uchahar exp in 3 ac. At that time i got 2 confirm sheet in b2 coach. Sheet no was 15, 16... As i am married person and staying with my wife and little child in delhi last 5 year. So my sheet was confirm so i thought i don't need to check pnr status... Today i check pnr for train timing at time i saw that train is cancelled. I was totally shocked beacuse how will i go to my home town with my family.. Now a dayz every train is showing waiting list.. So i request you to pls help me.. Thanks Tarun [protected]   

 Excess fare refund claim submitted to passenger refund section scr railnilayam sec bad on 20-2-2013 claims rejected just referring rly time table guidelines towards my refund claim of 2 and time collected full fare by tte on duty through excess fare ticket on train no.12792 of 18-2-2013 for our journey from m. Sarsi yo sec bad by coach s 12 with 3 confirmed berths of jvsm prasad 57 and j padmakumari 51and j sowbhagyam 88 years on failure to produce original rly counter issued ticket to tte sincd ticket was lost while boarding train due to pickpocket. Even though xerox copy of original lost ticket was produced to verify in chart listed self names and ages with our aadhar photo ids tte collected full fares and allotted us same berths which were reserved by us originally. A refund claim was submitted on 20-2-₹013 itself at scr rail nilayam refund section after confirming from scr sec bad stnyard tc office computer system stating our original lost 3 tickets status as not cancelled even after arrival of train at destination on 19-2-2013. As such the railways collected 2 full fares for each passenger just because original ticket was lost. Even a net booked ticket zerox copies and sms messages are considered for journey by railways why a xerox of rly counter booked lost ticket is not considered by tte. As refund claim was submitted in time with negative reply with no scope for s normal passenger like me to approach rly higherups though kept silent all these years with no option and now having had mobile technology advancement having known mail ids of scr higherups representations have been sent thro mails. I request for refund of full fare collected for 2 and time by tte since original lost rly counter reserved ticket status after arrival of train to destination revealed as lost ticket not cancelled and thereby 2 full fares are collected by rly. Which may be refunded.   

 Respected sir, sEvery day running train late from patna to jehanabad or gaya as per today attached file time departure list as per today jehanabad arrival time showing 9.50 am but actual arrival time 10.10 am all are requested to please check from system error or any last 2 day same time showing arrival or departure patna to jehanabad total distance 45 km but time taken approx 1.45 hr please solve   

 We were going to travel from duranto express on the night of 29th oct '17 from delhi to allahabad. We had our train from new delhi railway station. We went for dinner on teh next platform to the government pantry. There we inquired about the availability of the menu options, to which the staff member named 'amit kumar' said that they had only 1 option: thaali worth 100rs. I re-checked the menu board, where the price of thali was rs.35. I checked with him again & he said that there was only thaali available for rs.100. Quiet suspicious, but we took that. Once our thaali came, we found that there was no curd / sweet as mentioned by him. Also, while eating, we asked the people eating next to us, they said that they had got thaali for rs.35 only. Also, many other food options were available. We stood at the counter for some time & found that amit kumar judged on the basis of dressing & appearance & gave the thaali priced rs. 35 for rs. 100. I also took a photograph of him. Please take some action so that they do not cheat the people.   

 I have complain about tickets checker that they should help passengers not harass them to brought money in the form of penalty to complete their target if passengers are in trouble, they talk and behave rudlyWithout telling rules of traveling only give slip and argue After changing departure rout of train passenger rush run to catch running train unfortunately he is not able to take ticket bez he might miss the train, in that situation what passenger will do...   

 We have traveled from secunderabad jn (Sc) to howrah on 30th september 2017 by foluknuma express (Pnr no. [protected]) and reserved berth no. 27, 28 and 29. We have not seen any sweeper or housekeeping staff in the b2 compartment and gradually the compartment and adjacent toilets became a hell in 26 hrs journey period. It was come to know after few time that cleaning staff are absent and tt told us nothing to do. It is very much shocking to us during observing swachha bharat pakwara is going on though out the nation whereas a reserved and paid passengers are not getting minimum cleanness in their train journey. Please look at the matter and do needful and assure that it should not be happens again.   

 I have booked two tickets one was in waiting and other was in tatkal which got in waiting just in 30 secs of payment duration though it was showing 40 availbl before booking. But both of my ticekts did not confirmed. I did not travel and i did not even get my money back. Indian railway got pathetic. They are just exploiting common man. Neither we are getting our money back nor quality. They have raised tje fares in the form. Of dynamic charges etc. We are only getting fooled.   

 I have taken memu from rohtak to delhi junction today i. E. 02.10.2017 initially train was delayed 12 minuts, covered almost since reached dayabasti rly stn,., but at dayabasti train stopped for 50 minutes as per driver he talked somebody but disconnected by other side, train was stopped for crossing for bareilly intercity, which already delayed and could not reached rohtak and limited to bahadurgarh. Since train reached at delhi at 4.05 i missed ghaziabad kosi emu, i waited for next train which was supposed to arrive at delhi at 4.45 came at 5.50 and since 5.50 it reached new delhi at 6.40 started from next. Delhi at 7.20 and at present 7.45 not yet reached h. Nizamuddin and already delayed by 2.30 hours i humbly request you to please understand the value of time of the people it is not right time for high speed bullet train, but to correct our present system preference wiseSafety Timing Availability Thanks & regards Manish kalra   

 Train number 76505 memu is starting from bangalore cantonment to kolar via krpuram, hoodi bangarpet the said train number ie 76505 is not stopped at hoodi halt station on 2/10/2017 without having any reasons due to said reasons passengers who want to get down at hoodi halt faced huge problem like wisewho want to go to kolar from hoodi halt faced problem kindly take necessary action against the pilot of train number 76505   

 I am traveling in 14649 from madhubani to sonipat train is 14 hrs late when we started our journey and as of now it is delayed by 19 hours and the train ac is not working properly water is not available so it is very tough to travelAdding to our agony the train is withheld many times and its greeting even more late So plz provide water at ayodhya in train no 14649And also see the issue with acMy pnr no is [protected]   

 I am traveling from anvt termi al to gorakhpur by train no 04010. The expected arrival of train to gorakhpur is 2.45 but at 3.52 it has not been arrived to gonda railaway station despite this route is double lined and not so busy. I don't know why these people are keep waisting time of passengers. They don't care about them. I have a important work to do today. My pnr no is [protected]   

 For how many more days are you guys going to say indian railways is a big network and we need time to resolve problems? Our train is stuck in the middle of a literal forest and these guys have switched off the ac quoting some cut in the engine coupling? Why are you guys charging like hell (For all purposes tatkal/premium tatkal/spl charges) and torturing the customers like this?What's the need of speeding at 113 kmph odd if the engine / route is not capable of handling the same and applying emergency brakes to halt it within 4.5 mins? Do you guys wanna play with people's lives like this? Are the lp/alp really trained to handle express trains?W/sr/mas/000270705Train number: 12610Stoppage at tiruvalam station for the last 40 mins approxIssue: coupling cut! What?   

 I had a ticket with waiting list of 5 which was not clear and i will get the money return after deductiong cancelliation to indian railway where m not at fault. I booked tatkal ticket in amritsar shtabdi from jalandhar to delhi. When i booked it was 39 tickets availbl and while booking or proceeding payment it got 23 waiting with in few seconds. I was shocked to see how could it possible. Now if my tatkal ticket will not confirm my all amount will be wasted. Indian railway sucks. Things have been deterioting since modi joined in. All the fares have been increased multiple times still no quality in services.   

 Hi, I went to cst, mumbai to catch a train for pune. My train was at 6:40am but i reached station by 5:00am. I had a cc ticket and when i went to ac waiting room on platform 15, it was very very crowded. The staff present at the gate who generally overseas the records of the passengers visiting the waiting room was very busy watching movie on his mobile. He was least bit interested in keeping track of the people present in waiting room. I am pretty much sure that 30% of people in ac waiting room did not have adequate ticket. Moreover there were police constables who were just passing time and were out of place. If this is the kind of service that is offered after spending so much on tickets then i don't think railways deserve any support from the commuters. Please check the condition for yourselves. It's pathetic. Oh! Sorry i forgot, in order to check the situation, you all also need to work.   

 Its very unfortunate that railway does not bother to find out whether patform lifts r working or not, then y r they installed? On 29thsept17at 3:10a. M i along with my mother in-law 76yrs, my father 77yrs, my mother 66yrs had to board 19453/gimb puri exp, our reservation was on coach b2 which is nearly 100-150 mts from foot of the overbridge in platform no.5.I humbly want everyone to realise the situation and the pain we all went through just because the lift was not working. At 2:45 a. M no porter was available how we managed i just want railway to think once on atleast humanitarian grounds. Does railways clearly indicating us plz do not travel with senior citizens or our parents??   

 We had to use the retiring room in august’ 17 at secunderabad railway station. Since we arrived midnight as there was no other option and we had to spend only 5hours we decided to use the ac retiring rooms. The person in charge and the supervisor informed that the rooms cannot be booked as they are booked only online they informed that we can see the room ac and non ac room and decide. We saw both the room both where in very pathetic conditions the non ac was in a very worst condition no proper cleaning and filthy we decided to take the ac room as it was bit better. On confirmation of the room the person inchrge informed i don’t require to book the room with 1200 rs and i can get the room by just paying 500rs with no receipt. When we questioned why rooms are not clean and maintained the person in charge told that the cleaning and other guys are not available / strike.The ac room sofa was covered with dust, all the space was dusty and we have to clean space before keeping our bags and any items. Why can’t the rooms be maintained properly, passenger make payment he deserve to have room in ood condition.If the rooms are maintained like this in one of the metro cities and one of the busy railway station of the country which gives passenger very bad experience and passengers avoid to book the railway retiring rooms.   

 Greetings sir, we have a great indian railways system how much great means if the train capacity is 500 people means but we are giving the tickets 700 and 800 like that what about that 200 and 300 people of the train is late alternate another passenger is available means the tt won't accept at least to stand then why you are giving the tickets, you are responsible if the train is late why we have to trouble because of your system. Really i very unhappy and very sad because of this system. Today i faced a problem that i got a ticket from tenali to machavaram, the train is running late after i am getting the ticket another passenger train has arrived so all passengers are used this train to travel so you (Central railway) are the responsible for that, so there is no that much space and seats are not available at least no space for standing in general coaches so some passengers are trying to travel on reservation coach the tt has fired on us and get them out, so what is the situation what he is doing we know what is the train capacity general coach so you have to arrange the extra coaches on next station or you have to give alternate. Really my respectable indian railway sirs please change the system please please   

 Dear all this is rajendra sharma started my journey by tarin no 12968 jaipur chennai exp on 29th sep 2017 in coach no s7 rac 23, immediately after 5 min journey i was hit by anti socialist by a glass bottle with one co-passenger and got hurt badly complained to tc no action taken only by fellow passengers gave first aid cleaned all glass liquor spread.On same night in between 1:30am to 4:am someone stolen my hand bag in which two mobile (Samsung a7 and core 2 duo) 2gold rings also cash rs.12000+, pan card aadhar card and some other valuable item were there.I raised complaint to tc and tried online complainant at 182 raised the issue to rpf security guards every one tried to transfer to others finally mr. R h chauhan at itarasi came and collected my all details but he also didn't give any acknowledgement at last thought of raise complaint at chennai grpf but here also no one was ready to take complaints, i approached to many senior officials but i was informed to raise only online complaint with ujjain police. Really the entire system is not ready to take responsibility of passengers. If any one can suggest me something what action i should take further please do inform me at [protected], er. Raj81@gmail.com.   

 Pnr number : [protected] booked on 25/08/2017 passenger-1 f-57 Train no.12311 from howrah to kalka 3a rs. 1805/ doj 20/10/2017Showing rac/14 which is still rac/14 after 55 days. I myself booked the ticket from the window at solan standing in q. Hanged?? Ticket booked 55 days before the doj : 20/10/2017No cancellation in 35 days??Or chart not prepared hanged long 02 months before the date of journey?? What is wrong with indian railways booking system??Pnr number : [protected] rac/14 on booking date - 25/08/2017 and on 30/09/2017Still rac 14   

 Train was about to depart from Kolkata station at 29-09-2017 at 22:45 . But it was firstly delayed by 14 hours then it was further delayed by about 16 hours and finally departed at 14:47 on 30-09-2017. Again, train is further delaying by mire than 5 hour during journey . Due to this issue we might miss our next reserved train please take care of this issue. We claim to get our fare back for such a late train.   

 While travelling sabari express, gents are come to the ladies compartment, then they are looking to laddies some kind of there wants. Why gents are coming to laddies compartment? We also hearing some kinds news report's of sexual harassment and crimes. Its can be overcome, there a railway police to check every station while arriving the train. Please sir/madom take an action immidetly.   

 सर मेरा नाम तेजेन्द्र कुमार साहू है में बिजुरी से दुर्ग की यात्रा अम्बिकापुर से दुर्ग ट्रैन से कर रहा हु लेकिन सर किसी ने मेरा वॉलेट चोरी कर लिया है जिसमे मेरे फैमिली के लिया लिया गया टिकट था हम सात लोग यात्रा कर रहे है जिसमें मेरे id card, आधार कार्ड, 2745 रूपये और टिकट था सर मेरी समस्या का समाधान कीजियेतेजेन्द्र कुमार साहूमोबाइल नंबर [protected], [protected]   

 Dear team, I am very fed up with the indian railways system i have booked the two tickets in which i have to face two problem1- first ticket is booked for the 22nd sep journey from kanpur-jaipur train 14865 which is cancelled by your side of which i didnot received any notification on mail nor my phone.Resulting i have to face trouble in night near about 1.00 am by visitng the station with my father who is senior citizen. If you willl give me intimation then i can plan my journey. I have to cancel whole plan.2- second ticket which i have cancel on today which is booked from jaipur to cnb for[protected] due to the first train cancelled by you. Resulting i have to face the cancel charges.Now i want my money back of both tickets and compensation of loss of time and efforts of mines due to your worst and disorganise railways system. Only bullet train launching is not much and good to improve the existing railways is much more important.Your customer service no is not available by which i can seek the imeediate response.Pnr no are as follows :-1-[protected] (Cnb-jp)2-[protected] (Jp-cnb)I want the whole ticket amount and also the compensation for the loss which i occured.   

 I was travelling from jalandhar to kota from train no. 19806 in sleeper coach on 21 sept 2017 and next day early in the morning near old faridabad my purse got stolen which contains 3 phones (Lenovo vibe k5 imei no. 861895039904751, samsung galaxy j7 and nokia) and my two id cards (Voter id and college id) and cash around rs. 3000. There was no rpf or tc present in the train whole time of the journey.   

 The passenjers are paying but the sleeper classes are most dirty. Bathrooms/toilets arenever cleaned. I am travelling in 13021 mithila express. The bathroom and seats are horrible. Before launching luxury train pay attention for the cleanliness. Swach bharat project of pm cannot be successful. Please pay attention as we are paying but not getting minimum service from you.   

 We are living at very interior part of chhattisgarh india. My sister with two children is coming to our town ambikapur, there is no stoppage of new delhi - ranchi rajdhani to aligarh jn so we want stoppage of new delhi - ranchi rajdhani to aligarh jn for 2 minutes on 20th december 2017 our arrival station is garwa road from were we have to go around 200 km to our town ambikapur so please accept my humble request.   

 I had booked e-ticket and payment made by my atm card, due to heavy rain train was cancelled not reached at boarding, the rout was diverted. I did not got the refund.in this regards i have had the detailed discussion with the railway authorities and emails has been sent time by time but due to negligence of railway till date deducted amount not credited to my account.   

 Dear team, I was traveling from haridwar to howrah by train no 12370 at b2 (64 pnr no. [protected]) on 28/09/2017. I have seen ticket checker allotted seat no. 63, b2 to personal illegally by taking bribe of rs 700 from lucknow to patna. It is very shameful action to indian railways system.Please take action to that corrupted ticket checker.Thanks & regards, Ranjan majumder+91 [protected]   

 I booked a ticket in transaction id [protected] for pnr number [protected] on 16 - sep-2017 20:36:19 hrs. I cancelled it 1 month before on 29 september2017 from the schedule journey. I get money back only 60 rupees where as i paid 420 rupees for the tickets and cancelling 1 month before from schedule journey (29-octber-2017). Please take necessary action.   

 I had booked a ticket on train 22684 lucknow-yeshwantpur, pnr no:[protected] for[protected] which was waiting list 1 and 2 at the time of booking. Though the train has already left lucknow on[protected] at 630pm, the status of my pnr says"chart not prepared" in all the railway online portals and i am not able to know the current status of my ticket which makes me suspect that foul play is involved in not letting passengeres know the current status of their ticket possibly due to the heavy traffic of the festival season.   

 Travelling frm pune to new delhi by train #11077 27 sep 17. My luggage ticket#b662623. But it cud not traced at railway stn. Very dissatisfied and dejected due to poor management. As per railway staff as the and i was supposed to take my luggage for participating in an upcoming painting exhibition hosted in shimla. I have come all the way from pune for participating in this painting exhibition. I request that i get my luggage immediately at new delhi so that i could travel to shimla   

 On 27th september around 1.00 pm when pinakini express arrived in platform no.4 by which my sister aged around 70 was travelling. I asked the vehicle driver to carry (Lying free) me from the passenger seating place near higginbothams at central station chennai to platform no.4 he told battery is getting charged it will take another half an hour to get charged and asked the other vehicle which was there he told that it is not working for past one month. Please do the needful so that thesethings are utilizedto the optimum by senior citizens   

 I have booked ticket from idain railway counter (Prs ticket) for train no.22834	and name:bbs humsafar, from tirupati (Tpty) to visakhapatnam (Vskp) for 28.11.2017. The price was showing rs.1030. So i was ready for booking two tickets by giving 2x1030=2060 rs. But my ticket was booked at indian railways counter ans asked me to pay 3490 rs. He booked the ticket without asking me the higher pricing, that cost me more than 1430 rs extra. He saying it is due to dyanmic fare of the trai. But for this type train when a customer come for booking tickets with one amount but certainly increase more than 50% amount so railway booking person should asked his consent. But he booked the tickets without my consent and i had to pay extra more than 50% amount. Which is extra burden for me. And i don't able to pay this extra amount and railway authorities should refu nd my full money back to me without taking any cancellation charge. And this also done very soon so that i can get back the money and can able to book another ticket by this money which is affodable to me.   

 I srinivas from hyderabad, i've boarded the train on 25/09/2017 @ 8:05pm venkatadri express train no :12797 from kacheguda to chittoor. At 26/09/2017 morning when i woke up at 4:30am i realised that my trolley bag was theft by someone which have unused clothes of my sister's & son in law's worth of rs.20, 000/- if any one of u found my bag please do inform us by calling my number 7396-842-843. Thanks.   

 Irctc — tdr status shows cr registered bt refund amount not received46 reviewsNe neeehha39 on nov 22, 2014 submit a complaintHi support team, I have booked a ticket from irctc site onlineTo ald for ndls on 20 aug, 2017 And date of journey was 24 aug, 2017.For reason train delayed more than 3 hours andThe passenger has not traveled, i filled the tdrFor the same in irctc against my ticket and theStatus was turned to cr registered, but theAmount was not refunded yet.I am not sure what else i might be missing toGet amount refunded. Please let me know what iCan do further or else you can drop a mail to prachirastogi38@gmail.comTicket details: Do transaction :- 20 aug 2017.Pnr number :- [protected]Reason for tdr: train late more than three hours and passenger not travelled.Tdr filing date: 24-aug-2017 22:39:18 hrs Tdr status: cr registeredCancellation id: 100000179776023Tdr zone: northern railway (Nr)Warm regards, Prachi rastogi   

 Respected sir; This is to inform that grey colortrolly bag has been stollen from 19024 train date 28/9/17.. Between kota and ratlam station.. Which includes goldornamemts worth rs around 50k.. Documents of result. Ba. Ma.. On the name of kiran and apparel. My pnr no. [protected]. Kindly look in the matterand do the needful. My name is suraj prakash mobile no. Is [protected].   

 Dear sir I bought a mail express general ticket for 3 adults and 2 children worth rs 480/- at akbarpur (Up) on 25th sept from akbarpur to patna jn for patna-kota express or farakka express whichever would have come earlier, but unfortunately both the trains got unduly delayed for more than 10-12 hrs, i cancelled my trip and came back by car. When i tried to cancel it at the ticket counter they told tickets can be refunded within 3 hrs of purchase. Where is my fault, i waited for 4-5 hrs for the trains and after getting clear position of undue delay i wanted to cancel it. The ticket no are 53203074 and 53203075 purchased at 10.35 and 10.36 am respectively separately issued for children and adults on 25/09/2017. I am in a loss of rs 480/- without any fault from my side.I request the authorities to kindly take action to get my money back.   

 Hi, i ve booked counter ticket in cuttack vide pnr no. 610-6349020 dtd. 25.09.2017 train no. 12073 with travel date 27.09.2017 from hwh to ctc with wl 167. Finally the chart prepared with wl 58. Later they changed the status of train rescheduled to 18.15 in stead of 13.25. I decided to travel by other train going early and did a current reservation in coromandel vide pnr no. 660-6405624. Went to cancell the ticket of 12073.in the counter the executive told "current rescheduled time is 2.50 min, if you cancel it now even if with wl status you ll not get any refund. But if you wait till the departure and it get delay by 10 more minutes then you ll get full refund. You can cancel it in cuttack even but in cuttack they refused to cancel. They told you should ve cancelled in howrah. Finally my fingers crossed.   

 We have book our ticker in ltt haridwar sup express train no 12171 from nsk to ndls its shedule time was 11:00 am but firstly we were inform that it is runinng late by 3.5 hour than we were told that it further 2:00hour late & will reach the nasik at 4:30 now i want strict action against this delay and my compansation as due to this we hav to paid extra to hotel also i have to cancel my important meeting.   

 Sir, What kind is service is this?Is this a jock that we r travelling with hwh-puri satabdi express??? It is just a "bail gari"The train has delaied at starting point for 2:35 hrs and now it is paused before cuttack station for 1hrs. Dnt know when will reach puri station. I am having this journey with my family including 4 senior citizen among them. Either u guys dnt run this sort of trains or declare it as cancelled. If u dnt have some common sense during this durga puja days. One more suggestion is all ur officer ranks belongs to upsc cadre but the services seems to be below category now a days. Make it privatization or plz back 50% fair to the passengers account from their salary?   

 Respected sir..I'm also in railway employer today i journey jam-khambhalia to jamnagar in okha bhavnagar fast passengers train. But when i seat in 2nd class couch then tte shree salim bed behaving and insult me in front of all people. Then told me go and seat local coach.. But sir i have railway passes regular (2nd class reservation) Tte salim very baldly insult me in every front of people. Dear respects sir please i'm very shamfull for all this bed behaving from tte salim rajkot division rajkot gujarat.Sir please help me..   

 I booked ticket (Pnr no: - [protected]) from alleppey to bangaluru cantt but by mistake i got down at bangaluru city at 9am 24th september 2017. At platform number 1 exit. Railway staff hold me and asked for 880 rs as fine, when i raised concern they gave me an excess fare slip (No. 15, 730712) of 600 rs from bwt to sbc station which is wrong. When i raised concern that they are giving wrong slip they started misbehaving and threatened me about putting me behind bars.   

 Sir, Pnr [protected] ticket was wait listed for journey date 25.9.17.Cancellation rules for wait listed tickets is half an hour before departure. My question is how a passenger without arranging any substitute options to reach their destination, going to the railway station for cancellation a waiting ticket? It's only a massive harassment and intention to monetary loss of passenger. My second question is, if we cancel waiting ticket as per rule i. E before half an hour of train departs, what kind of benefit got indian railway or what should change in seating arrangements of that train or something else? Its not a matter of jokes... Because huge monetary losses we have faced.   

 We booked ticket on 16th june 2017 for traveling from jaipur to allahabad on date of journey 23th june 2017 in the train no. 12404/ jp ald express. The train was cancelled its entire journey on the said journey (23.6.2017) might be due to farmers' agitation as displayed and announced at jaipur jn. The station master informed us that the amount of ticket will be refunded (Credited) in our account as ticket was booked through irctc e-ticketing. We are sorry to inform you that after making all efforts (Mailing irctc, railway board and ministry) we have not received the refund amount till date. The irctc is saying that they don't have any official information from railway about the cancellation of train 12404 dated on 23/6/2017. It is surprising that the cancellation of train has not been endorsed to irctc and consumers are unable to get hard earned money refunded. The description of the ticket is as follows:Transaction id : [protected] pnr no. [protected] train 12404Date of journey and boarding: 23/6/2017 class: second ac ticket type: e-ticketNo. Of passenger: four amount of ticket: rs 6360.0   

 I booked a ticket in a special train from secunderabad to howrah train no:07182 up to visakhapatnam my pnr no:[protected] dt:25/09/2017. Scheduled time was at 21:40 hrs but the train was late by 5 hrs and started from secunderabad at 2:30am. I waited up to 1:30 am and went to cancel the ticket but the booking person denied to cancel the ticket as the train is already scheduled.in the regard i went to meet any authorize person at the station, to my surprise no one was present at the office. I am writing this complaint because i have some points from where we can get justice or answers.My points: — 1. Why was the train late by 5 hrs when it is starting form same station.2. Why was no authorize person available at that time to answer.3. Why was my ticket not cancelled and got refund.4. At 11:45 pm bogies of the train were getting repaired at yard. When the train is scheduled at 9:40 pm.Please look into the matter and do the things needful.Regards, Md. FerozMob:[protected]Address:flat no:g1, Sree venkateswara resiency, Road no:4Anjenaya nagar, Moosapet, Hyderabad-500018   

 I in gaya junction was inquiring about a train as the train was late. I asked twice after an hour, the employee miss behaved with me. According to him i am a mentally affected person and even he used several slangs. And when i came to register my complaint, the complaint receiver has not received my written complaint and even threatened me that he will give me to rpf. And when he came to know that i am not from gaya he even used to sout on me to get out of the compartment. The exact time was 07:22. Its a request to revert to this complaint.   

 (W/er/hwh/000267403 this my previous complaint number in which i have complaint for unusual late of train no 12331 & 12332 but reply came for train no 12322 & 12321 this proves that indian railway is irresponsibble from their duty and it is proves that today 12331 is also going to be late thank you indian railway we are used to this types of behaviours i think i have to go to consumer court now) pls see in this matter   

 I am going in mas-snc express.. It was 5 hour late in the boarding station chennai central and after that now it's moving like a local train. It is taking too many halts and no cateerer systems i haven't seen till now. I need go to kharagpur in time but i don't think it can be arrived there even after 10 hour of my sheduled time.. Indian railway in such a worst condition i can't imagine also   

 I traveled by 12860 HWH - CSTM Geetanjali Express vide PNR NO [protected] from HWH to CSTN Dated 17th Sept . The super fast train was not cleaned right from Hwh to CSTM !! After sending SMS by one co passenger, the B2 Coach ( Where I was travelling) got cleaned. The vestibule corridor and the coaches were too dirty all the way.. The waste box was not getting cleaned . Are we paying so many taxes to the Government to see all filthiest? There was no safaiwala all through out the journey. Is it the way to trouble the passengers?   

 Ticket details:Transaction id [protected]Pnr no [protected]Train no 15602Date of journey 05/10/2017The ticket was booked online thro irctc website.The railway site says processing of refund will start immediately on cancellation of train with effect from 1-7-2015.Since a week over the train has been cancelled. No refund action initiated for online booking. By email a rule has been sent where the officer does not know whether the train has been fully cancelled partially cancelled.in the site indianrailways. Govt.in it has been displayed that the train has been cancelled. But in irctc.gov.in no such mention has been made. Now the official sites the rule that the passenger who has booked the ticket online should visit in person to the railway station fill up the tdr form and submit. The money will be credited to the bank account of the passenger. The window is 72 hours from the time of the departure of the train. The question is when tickets can be booked online why refund for cancelled train a passenger has to visit the railway station in person? Is it not a harassment?   

 Immence pain i have gone through while travelling in train no1233 from howra t jammu dt 23-9-17. I started my journey from howarah junction on dt 23-9-17 in train no 12331. As per schedule it was expected to start at 1155 pm dt23-9 & reach jammu on 25-9 by 1235pm. The time i am writing my immence pain & torture i have gone trrough wile travelling in this train for the first & last time it has just reached sahranpur & it is 8-45pm dt 25-9.17. The train is already 16hours late. The way this train is plying it is expected to reach jammu on 26-9 at about 5 00am.  Mr railway minister & top raiway executives you will not understand this pain because you people being born with silver spoon have never gone through such circumstances. & that is the reason you have never tried to correct it.  I am travelling in sleeper class s12 coach & my seat no is 32 su. For the last 44hours i am confined to my side upper birth. Because some other persons have occupied my seat. & have not vacated the same instead of my repeated requests. I have not seen any railway tt or any railway person since i boarded this train on 23-9-17.. The condition of reserved sleeper class is uglier than the general class. There is no fan. It is a very dirty & foul place. There is no railway person to take care of. Pray god that good sense prevails to those who are at the helm of affairs & see what the ordinary persons go through. & the corruption & nepotism they face at each & every place.. Pl fix the responsibility & try to set the things right. Bring punctuality in the running of trains & make late running trains scrapegoats..  M no [protected]   

 Trainenquiry.com used to give accurate information on atleast the actual arrival / departure timings. But for the past more than one year, some mischievous officials have made fun of this site. What to talk of expected arrival/departure timings, this site is giving erroneous information on actual arrival/departure status /timings. Eg pl check 12011 ndls - kalka sharabdi exp on 25 sept 2017. It showed actual departure from ambala as 10:30, where as the train reached this station at 11:00 and departed at 11:05 and so on for all subsequent stationsThis appears a deliberate move by some rail officials to defame modi govt.Pl order investigation and punish guilty officials   

 Respected sir, I am still travelling in himgiri express (12331) which one has departed on 24 sep 2017 at 0200 hrs from howrah. This train is running late by 15 hours.I had not got confirm seat. I had been rac, b1, 39.The ticket collector of this train has not yet cleared the rac seats of mine and my co passenger. Ticket collector has alloted the vacant seats to some other passengers who were traveling either with general tickets or waiting listed because of some monetary benefits. Just like b1 64 has been given to someone because of tte money making. This is really injustice to me and other co passengers. Even the tte does not understand about humanity that the train is running late by 15 hours and the passengers are in difficulty.Today our government of india is taking about change or making of new india.I should say transformation of india to new india cannot be done if this type of corrupt officials of indian railways are present in our society. It is therefore requested that necessary disciplinary actions be taken against tte.Yours faithfullySidharth priyadarshiPnr [protected]   

 I booked a tatkal ticket in lokshakti express train no. 22928 dated 26/09/2017 for which i was charged 410 rs. Whose base fare is 260 rs, reservation charge is 20 rs., superfast charge is 30 rs. And tatkal charge is 100 rs. Whereas in general quota base fare is 160 rs., reservation charge is 20 rs., and superfast charge is 30 rs. Which amounts to 210 rupees total.So why am i charged 100 rs extra as base fare in tatkal?   

 As per the railway notification, senior citizens have to get their aadhaar status verified. I have tried it several times and also complained 2-3 times at the relevant e-mail id and got complaint ticket id (Latest) as [irctc #5665082]The desired verification (In respect of my wife savitri asawa) has not yet been completed as can be seen from the following master list:S. No.	Name	gender	berth preference	food preference	senior citizen concession	date of birth	id card type	id card no.	Aadhaar status	select1	asawa girdhari lal	male	lb	veg	srctzn	28-sep-1945	aadhaar id	391376437586	verified	 2	savitri asawa	female	lb	veg	srctnw	28-sep-1950	aadhaar id	883465781360	not verified	 Please get the needful done soon.   

 Dear irctc team, I request you to please check, tdr request as train was more than 6 hours late at agra fort station on 15 sept 2017 and after waiting for 4 hours i have filled tdr request as i have not travelled in that train. Stipulated time limit of 2 hour applies when train is on time. Since after 2 hours at 1:30pm from its scheduled departure time of 11:35 its shows only 2 hours delay that could we have travelled but wen its shows for more 6 hours delay i can't travel and file tdr. I request to please check history of train timing on that day, consider my request for refund on expection. Or forward this to senior escalation team. Its just not matter of refund its high level of inconvenience cost due share negligence will report to consumer forum as well.I have attached screenshot of my tdrRegardsVirendra singhPnr : [protected]Irctc reply *dear customer, * The tdr filed against pnr number [protected] with reason train late More than three hours and passenger not travelled. Has been Repudiated by system as per the indian railways refund rules https://www.services.irctc.co.in/betaDoc/Amendments_RefundRules_2406.pdf Reason for repudiation/rejection: null. Please note that the decision about the amount of refund or Rejection of claim is taken by system as per extant refund rules Of indian railways and not by irctc. The status is also available online and found under tdr history. For any assistance please contact our customer care call centre or Mail to care@irctc.co.in. This is an auto generated mail. Please do not reply. —  *with regards,  Customer care, irctc   

 Hello sir, i am a regular traveler between delhi to azamgarh route with train no. 12225/12226. This train is marked by indian railway as super fast and we are paying super fast charges for it.Beside that it is always getting late. Few time my exam is also left. Railway employees are getting paid for train late as overtime but as a passenger we have to lost our time and exams.Few time train are stopped on unknown station where there is no stoppage. Also, there could be chances that railways/train person delaying train due to overtime charges.So, i want some action on it and if train are getting late from respective time schedule then either railways employees should not paid for overtime or passengers must get its penalty.Thanks   

 Train no 12331 & 12332 is running continously late. We are very much depended on this train and tommorow we have a ticket to jammu tawi pnr no [protected] as i am track this train 12332 is running 6 hr late and i also know that tommorow it is going to be late from hwh (12331) so i request to kindly see in this matter and take some action to make it right time   

 (1) there is no special arrangement for over 75 years old handicap persons.  (2) there is only one room allocate for 3 persons, 4 persons and same room for 6 persons.  (3) gujarati cooking staff/catering must required. (4) there is no punctuality in time. We were grudgingly stay at puna railway station from 1:00 am to 3:30 am in some bad condition. (5) transportation has very poor quality. When we were travelling in bus, rain was following in the bus.  (6) all over we are not happy with over all performance.  (7) tourist has many problems regarding services.Hiralal n. Vadher M: +91-[protected]Email: garvilvadher72925@gmail.comTour conformation number: [protected]Transaction id: [protected]   

 Sir, Mobile charging point of coach number s11, birth number 12, train number 12296 is not working. My pnr number is [protected]. Date of journey is[protected]. We crossed katni station nearly 30 minutes before. We are facing problems to charge our mobile. For this we are wondering here and there. Please send the maintenance team as soon as it is possible.Thanks   

 I have been travelling on 24th sept 2017 night boarding from howrah to patna. My bag which contain expensive things including laptop, camera have been stolen in lakhisarai station. Please do something urgently as it has some very valuable things of mine i urgently need. Please sir resolve this as soon as possible as it will affect my job. The laptop has all the elements and confidential details.   

 What's wrong with indian railways? There is nothing called value of time!!! I am boarding a so called "special" train (Hwh bnc sf spl / 06532) from howrah station which is suppose to take me to bengaluru, departing at 1:00 a. M. It's 1:40 a. M. Right now and i'm already sweating. As already the humidity today in kolkata is so high and they have kept the a/c and fan everything shut!!! On top of that the train is late. They say there is a technician who'll arrive (God knows when). The sad part is there are patients who travel to the south in order to get themselves treated and this is what they get in return. High payment for a. C. Coach and poor us we get such a great and timely service (Sarcasm though) i kindly request you to take the note and fix the problem as soon as possible! Value "us", value "time"!! It's we because of whom you are getting all your revenues and this is how you treat us??? This is one of the reason we'll never be a successful country!!!   

 Sir  I am satish kushwaha travillaing in 14163 sangam exp on 23 sep from kanpur central to tundla jn for appear in up pcs exam but train late more thsn 07 hrs to reach tundla jn due to this i loss a chance to appear in up pcs exam.Sir i want to know the reasion why train late so much time in a short distance.Train take more than one hrs in firozabad stn, in the view of above i requested to check the matter why train become so much late for help us and regard me.   

 Pnr no. [protected] from ghy to ndls in train no. 12423 rajdhani express on 24/09/2017 through railway counter naharlagun, arunachal pradesh but the status of bearth transferred to abadh assam 15909 on 25/09/2017 without any prior information and however, i have not opted any vikalp option while booking. I have to get down with my family at new bongaigaon station.   

 Was shocked to know that there was no track for wheel chair on tracks at valsad station in gujarat. We alighted on platform no 2 but my father couldn't climb stairs we had to get wheel chair from platform number one... Which was lifted on shoulders of four people to cross tracks.. Amazing the thing which costs almost nothing was also missing thereRailway can at least make road type crossings or something else for disabled or old people   

 Dear sir, Tc asking money. My ticket is conform, mere pass id card bhi hai maine mere saath 4 ticket nikala tha baki log ke pass id proof nahi hai isliye tc bolta hai 200 hundred do muje. Date 23/09/2017 mumbai to lucknow ki trean hai. Mumbai se nashik tak parishan kiya muje ye s11 me seat no 72 67, 69, 66 hai pantry me lake gaya muje or boola paise do please ye tc aap ko pata hoga use karbhai karo.   

 I travel lludhiana to rohtak my pnr [protected] on dated 23/09/2017 i very surprised when i received evening tea kit which provides tea snaks samosa in a lokel empty envelop derty types. When i opened i surprised, which added potato not clean outer layer also added on it i take a picks also. Let me know Indian railway food section what's types of given service in shatabadi express Same time i call to service providers But your executive provide me snaks Eg samosa is totally inhigine with out clean along with layer present I take a photo also I pay rs 250/ for the same Its for your kind notice If any one involving take action against him Dr surinder wadhwa Rohtak [protected]   

 SirI am now travelling by train no. 22634 nizamuddin tvc express. Yesterday night at about 2.30 am when we were travelling between bharatpur jn and saway madhopur, i and my friend midhun lost our mobiles along with six other passengers. Kindly take immediate action. The mobile numbers are [protected] under my name and [protected] under the name of nikhil k p. I am returning home by the train and has left vadodara station gujarat. One more fellow passenger's mobile (Amal shankar-[protected]. Pnr no.[protected]). Our pnr no. S are [protected], [protected], [protected], [protected], [protected], [protected] (Two faculty and 38 students). Our ttr had not come and no rpf personal has come till now in our compartments (S4 and s3). We contacted railway helpline and got direction to file a complaint at rpf kannur station. But it will be late we think. We will provide more information if required. Our faculty's contacts are given below.Sailesh. R apme, gce kannur -[protected].Shaji k c, trade instructor - [protected], [protected].Hoping for prompt action.Midhun mohanS7 meGce kannurParassinikkadavu poKannur 670563.   

 I have reserved train from cbe to daund on sep 23 train number 11014. Train departure time as per schedule 8.45 am but the train delayed up to 5.30 pm with different reasons. Railway department didn't notify to passengers. Old age peoples, kids and most of passengers suffered for a full day with out food, accommodation etc.Kindly address this and make sure that railways is for the people.   

 On 22/09 i was traveling by 12321 mumbai mail from hwh to gaya.in dhanbad station when train start a unknown person who was wondering without ticket in coach s9 infront of tt and rpf snached my wife purse where she has a gold jewelry of rs.30000 a mobile of 7000 and a pan card debit card passbook of arpana kumari central bank and a bank of india. More than 10 people was wondering but tt and police taking only 100rs. Each and left them. One of them did it in dhanbad. I lost my about 50000 rs.in all. Plz help me s9 seat no 72.   

 I had parcel my bedding and books in single parcel from gwalior (Mp) indian railway parcel service on 23 aug 2017 with prr no. [protected] (Pwb/sdl-shahdol) for delivering in shahdol (Mp) but till now (More than 1 month) parcel had not been delivered., and there is no correct information where is my parcel.. And parcel is missing. No information from gwalior or shahdol... Plz help   

 Rsp sir  My pnr no [protected] alipurduar (Noq) to guwahati doj20 09.2017.Train name saraighat express. Departure time is 04.35 am. When i ask enquiry staff about this train status. Enq staff reply no message received from control room. After an hour when i ask enq staff they replied sir train is diverted to gopalanj stn new alipur stn will not touch. It is nothing but a mental torture to passenger. There is no announcement regarding diversion of train. When i ask drm over mobile he was answer less. Railway services detonating day by day. We are expecting railway services will improve today or tomorrow. But personally i fell this type of irresponsible staff will causes public harassment & public will face no of accident. Rgds alok dasgupta. Alokpgd@gmail.com. [protected] baroda gujarat   

 We booked ticket on 16th june 2017 for traveling from jaipur to allahabad on date of journey 23th june 2017 in the train no. 12404/ jp ald express. The train was cancelled for entire journey on the said journey (23.6.2017) might be due to farmers' agitation as displayed and announced at jaipur jn. The station master informed us that the amount of ticket will be refunded (Credited) in our account as ticket was booked through irctc e-ticketing. We are sorry to inform you that we have not received the refund amount till date. The irctc is saying that they don't have any official information from jaipur railway about the cancellation of train 12404 dated on 23/6/2017. It is surprising that the cancellation of train has not been endorsed to irctc and consumers are unable to get money refunded. It seems like a cheating. Kindly order to probe the matter and instruct the person concern to inform about the cancellation of the said train to irctc.The description of the ticket is as follows:Transaction id : [protected] pnr no. [protected] train 12404Date of journey and boarding: 23/6/2017 class: second ac ticket type: e-ticketNo. Of passenger: four amount of ticket: rs 6360.0Kindly look the matter so we can get our hard earned money back..Prof. (Dr.) veeru prakashM. Sc. (Ag. Biochem.); m. Tech. (Biotech.);d. Phil.; f. I. S. A. B.Associate dean (Administration), jibb, shuatsNodal officer, edc, shuats, allahabad+91 [protected]   

 Nirmal biswas							 shakti nagar co-op hsg soct. Iras							5th floor, building no.28, 								Dahisar (E), mumbai 4-00068								Dated 23/9/2017, The chief managerState bank of indiaCentralised pension processing centre, 5th floor, premises no. T 651 t751, itc belapur, belapur rly station complex, Navi mumbai-400601Dear sir/ madam, 		Sub: 7th cpc revised ppo (Pre 2016)		Ref: f. A &cao; (Pension) w. Rlys letter no nil dt 4/8/2017, 		 Old ppo nowr/1018/155028, new ppo no.20137080100001			Branch ifsc no. Sbin0004283, branch pbb churchgate,  Account no. 20134209808Your kind attention is drawn to above referred letter wherein you were instructed to Pay me arrears of pension as well as draw my new pension as under New pension from 01/01/2016 rs 78800.Although three months have elapsed since then, but i am still paid pension at old rate.Kindly look in to the matter and start my pension at new rate and also pay my arrears due.Yours sincerely,  (Nirmal biswas)   

 15960 down kamrup exp Grpf officers pulled all the passengers down who are quite normal after that i was quite happy a bit for few minutes next that of grpf officers took money from public and allow them to enter again on handicap compartment And the compartment is fully packed like a general compartment I am the only handicap in this compartment and 3 of senior citizens are in trouble to be sorted We are in pain plz help us Public says we are here by providing money if you are uncomfortable you may get lost we can't afford place for you   

 My friend are trawelling to katra shri mata vaishnodevi from meghnagar station.Pnr no.:- [protected]There is no water in wash basinThere is no charging point for every seat, no botel stand and no table for daining for every seat.Its long route sir almost 30 hours how can they manage very bad and poor service by railway.Mata ke bhkto ke sath aesa behave very badPls help [protected]   

 I vipin k mishra, booked ticket from suvidha expree{mumbai cst to cheoki} for 22 september, 2017. I got 2 lower confirm birth under coach s 8. On 21 september, 2017, i got message that coach s8 cancelled and today on 22 september, i got again message that my revised birth on s5 qnd that is also rac. I paid 3850 rs for sleepers and even a after confirm, its being revised and make it rac in suvidha express... Is this suvidha in modi government... Its cheat and fraud... And totally unsuvidha   

 Dear sir/mam, I am travelling from amritsar to mumbai. When our train reached to kota jn, we purchased some milk products and mineral water from saras milk parlour m/s baghwati singh chouhan, but shocking we came to know that he is charging extra money for all products with retail price inclusive of all taxes. If railway authority is allowing them to open their shops at platform. Why they couldn't able to control extra rates they are taking from each customer. Please do the needful and control this kind of wrong practices.   

 Very poor cleanliness in rajkot railway station which also smelling badly and chances of bacteria spreading is very high due to that people will get affected, photo proof taken on 21-09-2017. Even though chagres collected from public including cleaning activities it was not done properly.We are really sad in country we speaking about swatch bharath but not following it.   

 I have booked my parcel no-251705 (Toy car for my child) from calicut to itarsi on 28-08-2017. After several followups till date parcel has not arrived. The parcel officer at itarsi station told me that it will arrive after two days. Still now not arrived. He gave me his mobile number, but he is not lifting my calls. He told me that the parcel has went to delhi. To whom i should contact for the details. I am not able to track it on online.Please help me in this regard.   

 I was travelling from sri ganganagar to delhi by 12456 train reached in time at shakurbasti station and schedule arrlival was 7.20 am in morning. From shakarpur train took 1hr 45 minutes to reach sarairohila which is just 6.8 km.Moreover the online status was showing that train reached on time I had to attend an important meeting and i have been issued an explanation callInfact all passangers were telling that its normal practice. This is the status of your superfast train.My pnr no. :[protected] train no. / name : 12456 / bkn dee sf expDate of booking : 18-sep-2017class : second acquota : general Date of journey : 20-sep-2017from : sgnrto : deeBoarding at : sgnrdate of boarding : 20-sep-2017 reservation up to :dee   

 Dear concern, I vinnu sidhana had booked one ticket from pathankot to allahabad dated on[protected] in waiting list but seven days back its showing rac status. But from yesterday its again showing waiting list. Kindly check that what is the issue behind it. My pnr is[protected]. And i am very much sure that my rac converted to waiting list. How come its again change the status to waiting from rac.RgdsVinnu sidhana[protected]   

 Hi sir/madam,  I am sarika. I have booked online ticket on 10/9/2017 but my ticket was waiting list so ticket will cancelled. I get a message your cancellation refund on 3days, but still more than week i didnot get money. This my transaction id : 	[protected]	pnr no. :	[protected]	train no. / name : 	12791 / sc dnr express. So please refund money as well soon. Than you sir/madam.   

 Dear sir, On behalf of the hundreds of daily commuters i, debjyoti mukherjee, would like to bring to your kind attention to the fact that running of all the local trains especially in after 7 pm stating from howrah on main line (Specially tarakeswar local) has become habitually irregular. I would, therefore, request you to look into the matter personally and take remedial measures to enforce timely running of local trains so that the daily commuters of this place have not to face any inconvenience in future   

 Pnr no. [protected], 2s from pnbe to jsme by train no. 12024, patna hwh janshatabdi express. Get reservation for 03/10/2017, seat allotted is dr1/90. Whereas, in dr1 and dr2 seats available are upto 82 only. It is a consistent problem. Complaint regarding this has been made earlier also but no corrective measure has been taken till now. Change the seat presently and take care for future.It is a permanent problem and create a lot of uncomfortability during journey especially with family. Is railway have no solution to incorporate exact seat allotment with variable nos.in different coach?   

 Dear sir and madam. My self ajay sethi. R8 now i am the passenger of 12849. Bhubaneswar exp. My seat no s7 55 rac. This train pentry car person is miss behaving and. They are selling wine liquids in n8 time in this train. So many people disturbing for this so kindly take action about this matter. Yours fathfull indianMob-[protected]   

 Was travelling on 5th of august '17 from new delhi to lucknow via farraka express train no 13414 coach a1, seat no 17.The train started at 10 :00 pm and in 2nd ac coach all tea, water food vendors were coming inside to sell. I objected that in 2 ac this is not allowed to the coach attendant but it was unheard. I slept and kept my handbag and laptop bag beside me. But early morning before reaching lucknow i found my handbag was missing.It had cash, mobile phone, id cards, bank cards. (Loss of 30000 to 40000)I called the attendent and tt who were clue less that any one had come inside and stolen.in fact a south indian lady infront of my seat said that early morning at 5 :00 am a man came and was searching near every one seat when she asked he said i am the "coach attendant". She considering his words did not paid much of importance that he might be there for theft. I believe the theft is done around that time between ethwah and kanpur.Fir is lodged in lucknow which is transferred to etwah grp.Fir no 0412/ 2017 u/s 380 ipc.Its been more than one month but nothing has been found, infact after 5 days my cards were found on kanpur platform and i asked to check cctv footage to see who threw it but nothing done.I am frequent traveller but its so disappointing to see that in 2 ac coach also passenger is not safe. What is the duty of tt and attendent that they cant stop people from comong inside or rather i feel they are part of these theft, I want recovery of my loss from railways and also need to know what is happening in my case.My mail id is n. Verma1109@gmail.comThanks Neha verma   

 Today, i came to howrah station by down antyodaya exp, which arrived on platform no 23 (New complex). Including me, there were many people who planned to catch up 13021 mithila exp (From the old complex) for further journey. There was only one foot over bridge for communicating between new to old complex which is very narrow and not enough to handle such amount of passengers. Sometimes we have to wait for fifteen to twenty munites which leads to train missing. But there was another way to go from new to the old complex via goods yeard (Through sainik armagh) which is enough wide and short distance. Sometimes there are no restrictions for common people, but sometimes rpf does not allow people to use the way by excusing of a restricted area and misbehave with people. Usually, to when we come to this way, rpf doesn't allow us. Then we requested to them that we only have one minute to catch our train but they didn't allow us and misbehave with us. As the result, we all miss our train which caused a big trouble for us. Where they allow dealy passengers easily to go by the way. We want to know why there is no transparent rule for that? And i appeal to the railway board to allow everyone to use the way till a wide way has not constructed. And my suggestion to the rpf, be polite with the passengers.   

 13006 amritsar mail schedule dep. On 19.09.17 actually departed from amritsar after 12 hours i. E. On 20.09.17 after 6am. The same train departed from howrah on 17th 12 hour late and reached amritsar 12hr late. This series of train both in up n down makes 12hr late for last two weeks. Why not make arrangements to run one spare train at schedule right time from both sides i. E. Howrah and amritsar immediately to break the chain of inordinate delay.   

 Dear sir,  I am a middle class person. My name vikas dixit now i am traveling from chennai to mangalore by mangalore mail (Coach no. S9).Sir already 1 hour over still no one tc came to my coach to check my ticket. Some other localities person sitting in my seat. I paid money for reservation of my seat but i am helpless. Kindle help me out.   

 I, shantilal satra from mumbai, booked tatkal tickets from bhachau to borivali for my parents, 75 and 72 years old. But i got both upper birth for them, as i clearly mention lower birth. Railway have to understand that, in this age my parents not able to use that upper births. So kindly request to do the needful as earliest.Regards, Shantilal satra [protected]   

 My steel box containig house hold goods from ahmednagar to babina booked vide booking luggage ticket no a816367 dt 24 aug 17. The same has not been received from babina station till date. I am not getting any satisfactory reply from babinastation authorities. Needful action isrequested for early delivaryVinod pvMob no 07560963958, 07066232948   

 It has been observed that since last one year and so in almost alll trains sleeper class is always occupied by unauthorised person who are not having reservation but occupying other persons berth and using toilets etc. It is disgusting now a days to travel by sleeper class which was not so in the recent past. The railway tte and railway police are probably hand in gloves and minting money helping this nefarious activity in allowing to board unauthorised persons onboard sleeper class.   

 I take a ticke for my father from patna to delhi. Train has not come according to time schedule whose timmimg schedule and ticket in show in pic.Train patna to delhi reach in time 11.50 am date 19-09-2017 in ticket.I take a ticket 17.30 pm delhi to jodhpurBut train is not come in (Patna to delhi train) delhi. Both train timming schedule gap is more than 4 hours my father saying me i have reached in average 18.30 pm in delhi stationThose region my ticket is useless so what will i do   

 With subject to above, it is to say that myself rajnish mishra, residing at chachai, anuppur, was to travel to new delhi from katni railway station on 16/09/2017 by train jabalpur nizamuddin superfast express (Train no.22181) and hence was waiting for train at 1st class waiting room of katni railway station an there i had put my jiofi 4g - wi-fi device router (Containg a jio sim no. [protected]) at the charging point lying on the right hand on just entering to the 1st class waiting room of katni railway station. 	But as the train came on platform for which i was waiting for, i got into the train by forgetting about my jiofi 4g - wi-fi device router along with its charger which i remembered about on leaving of the train from platform. Thenafter i sent one knowing person also after about two hours of leaving of the train to search for the jiofi 4g - wi-fi device router but he didn’t find the same at that place where i had applied my device for charging and hence i lost my jiofi 4g - wi-fi device router alongwith sim no.[protected] and its charger. On dated 16/09/17, i had also filed a complaint of loss on twitter but found no action therefrom, the screenshot of the complaint filed is attached herewith. The copy of ticket (Pnr-[protected]) through which i was travelling on 16/09/17 to new delhiHence if the rpf, katni has found the device then it may please be intimated to me on following details:	Name: rajnish mishra.	Mob no: [protected]Address: nc 147, atps, mppgcl, chachai, anuppur - 484220. M. P. (Rajnish mishra)Mob no.[protected]   

 Dear sir, While travelling in una himachal express (14555) from hapur to delhi in ac 2 tier on 19 sept. 017 In and some other passenger were also standing at the coach gate as the old delhi railway station was about to arrive.Then suddenly an unidentified person came near the mall warehouse, he swooped on my pocket and ran away with my money from around 16, 000 to 17000 and other required papers. He made a lot of noise but because of the night he ran away. Tt after landing the train he got acquainted with the all the incident but he did not say anything to me, he said, now he will do it. I told you to give me any paper and write your own complaint, r. P. F. And g. R. P. I will give it to you. But no one has taken my compliance and no one helped me. Sar i am a senior citizen person, this incident has hurt me very much.in which i am very scared. I requesting you to do proper action in the said subject. You will be very crappy.Jamaluddin saifi09599316795Train no.: 14555Name: - himachal expressTime: - 10:30   

 Dear sir, I am calling in your customer care number since one week but no one is responding my call. I called in those number which was given by your website.So please tell me in which number i should call and will get respond from you.I would like to know about the train number 12436 in which date it will start running. Please tell me about itYour reply will be highly appreciated   

 I am a frequent traveller between rasipuram and tirunelveli comoning under southern railway, [ rasipuram (Rasp) falls under salem zone]. I used to travel through train no.:17235, which arrives at raspat 22.45 hrs and leaves at 22.46 hrs (Scheduled time)The problem is the doors for all the reserved compartments are invariably locked inside. The reason given by the conductors is safety of passengers luggage during night hours. Good reason and acceptablr. But how the passengers waiting for the train to get in.? No answer from them.The ttes knows from the chart they have, which are all the compartment the passengers are due to entrain, and keep the doors of those compartment open at the arriving time. The halting duration is just one minuite and with in this short period the passenger with their luggae has to get in. The condition of aged people is still worst. I feel the ttes are the man problem of this complaint.Kindlly ensure a system for the waiting passengers to comfortably get in to the tarin.P. ParamasivanRasipuram  

 Dear sir, With due respect, i pooja singh was booked ticket dated on 11/09/2017 from haridwar to varanasi and train no.12370 with transaction id. 100000972956535 and tansaction id 100000972956554 failed and amount rs. 425 and rs. 425 debited from my sbi and canara bank a/c still not credited. Kindly consider my queries and refund my amount as soon as possible. Thanking you   

 Your reply against my complaint is not satisfactory. When a train is running continuously late. It should be examined by the officer responsible for this. It should be checked from the office record. Should l give you day to day statement of the train no.14853, 14863 and 14865? You should get it from your office. Please do not ignore and neglect my complaint by saying it is bit short.   

 Sir my name is shakti shah and i am in godan exp no 11056 in coach b1 at seat no 59. Train just started from its originating station gorakhpur and still toilet is not clean. Why it so. If someone complain, it should be in between bt i have to complain from bigning place it is very bad. I know when i will complain then someone would come and clean it bt why it is so.   

 I am engineering student studying at chennai. I boarded a train from visakhapatnam on 18th september 2017 in howrah - mas mail sf express (12839) in a 2 tier ac coach. I thought my journey would be peaceful until i discovered bed bugs crawling on curtains and lying inside carpets. I had no sleep at all that night and when i came to complain about this to the cleaner and carpet man they refused to respond and instead they were asking for money, they also even refused to tell where the ticket collector was, they were not all bothered that too in a 2 tier ac coach. Irctc charged me rs 2065 for payment of ticket and i was happy at beginning that i was going to board 2 tier ac for the first time. I sincerely request you to take immediate action on this, i would also like to have a refund. The impact of bed bugs had a disastrous effect such that i couldn't attend the exam on that day also i was unable to travel in this train due to sudden jerks and worst maintenance. This is the worst journey ever in my life.Details are as follows:Pnr no: [protected]Transaction id: [protected]Date of booking :	16-sep-2017	class :	second ac	quota :	tatkalDate of journey :	18-sep-2017	from :	vskp	to :	masBoarding at :	vskp	date of boarding :	18-sep-2017	reservation up to :	masScheduled departure :	14:10 hrs Regards M komal krishna   

 Non-delivery of parcel prr no. 195385SirI booked household items from chandigarh to vijayawada jn (Bza) on[protected]Unloaded on 6th august 2017 at chennai central on 6/08/2017 train no 12688) i received one bike. But, 3 cartoon boxes not given. So please find 3 cartoon household parcel number 945385.Date of parcel:[protected]Parcel no:- 945385From station :- chandigarhDesignation centre :- vijayawada jn (Bza)Name :- sreeram naikPhone no:- [protected][protected]   

 3 trolley bags stolen in train running from ltt to hatia in coach no s12 seat no 49, 50, 51. Between 4:00-5:30 am 3 luggage trolley bags stolen in running train from llt to hatia somewhere between manmad / kasara/ nasik. Train no 12811 today dated 03/09/2017. 2 black trolley bags & 1 blue trolley bag containing valuable items worth 15 to 20 thousand each. Kindly do the needful in this regard.Place is manmad or kasara or nasik where bags got stolen.   

 I was travelling from dehradun to kathgodam via train no. 14120 ddn-kgm-express pnr [protected] berth a1-13 a-14 on 24.06.2016. I suffered a loss due to theft at night on that train. Unfortunately there was no security to whom alarm could be raised and when informed to the tt all that he could help is suggest me to lodge a complaint with the station grp.Attached herewith is a copy of fir filed with kathgodam grp. I, further filed an online complaint with railways vide ref. No. W/nr/mb/[protected] to which they have simply agreed to refund recovery of rs. 1, 500/- (Copy of letter attached herewith).This seems as a joke as, i have lost valuable of rs. 65, 000/- and had demanded rs. 1, 00, 000/- from railways for loss of my valuables and the mental agony and pain due to their lack of security and safety.I appeal to you, to hear my plea and help me in recovering an appropriate compensation towards my valuables and mental agony from the railways due to their laxity.   

 The water cooler in the piravam road railway station is working intermittently.. There no fan except two, in the platform. No enquiry counter/ resting room for reserved passengers. The public grievance officers land line no.[protected] and the email i'd is not working inspire several efforts. Then what us the usei of this information display. This said to be adarsh station by some people.Please do the necessary for addressing these deficiencies.AsokakumarlPnr no.[protected]     

 I have booked e tikit dated 29/08/2017 train no.11015 pnr no.[protected] i received massage train no 11015 ltt-gkp kushinagar exp (Of 29/08/2017 sch dep 22:45 hrs) is reshedulled to 11:10 hrs on 30/08/2017 inconvenince regretted. But train not run that time & no any other masse. To send me from railway. So i am not travel that train & i miss the train because i don't know new time please to refund my fair rs.610/-   

 I am regular passenger of indian railways. I travel by train frequently. For last 10 years, i travelled throughout india.in my experience, i observed that many passengers are being disturbed by people, who have snoring problem in train. Due to loud snoring by some passengers, remaining passengers are not getting sleep and getting irritation. Therefore, i am herewith giving a suggestion to avoid this problem. Kindly ask the following question to passenger in reservation form.Do you have snoring habit? Yes [ ] no [ ]If passengers tick yes [bracket], kindly put them in a separate compartment or allot their berths separately. RegardsVenkateswara rao adabala   

 I was coming from bidhan nagar road to dumdum with a friend of mine. He was going to barasat. After standing along quene at ticket counter of bidhan nagar road (Counter 2) a lady told me that she will give me only one ticket inspite of paying her full money of two tickets. I told her she should give two tickets.. Where is the problem... At the end she refused to give both of the ticket... Then i have to buy ticket from atvm machine. I dont what kind of problem of her... For these of people indian railways always have a bad name...   

 Ac coaches should be placed either before or after the sleeper coaches and not in between. I was travelling in train no 15027 maurya exp and i got confused about where my coach (S5) was. I got too late finding my coach since the ac coaches were placed between the sleeper ones. Due to lack of time, i almost missed the train. So this must be taken care of. Arrangement of coaches in 15027 is like this time, s1, s2, s3, s4, b1, a1, s5, s6... This is not in arrange way... Please solve the problem... At night also ac coaches are closed... How we can go s1 to s6 at that night time... Finally no any benefit for this confusion coach arrangement.   

 Dear sir, i booked ticket (Train no.13226, coach no c1) from rajendranagar to barauni. Ntes shows train 13226 is cancelled between barauni and jaynagar that means it travel from rajendranagar to barauni and ntes also show train is running but in actual half train cancelled and remaining train running from rajendranagar without any information give to passengers. All passengers from c1 and other coach passengers are mixed.All passengers are in big trouble and feel very bad. It is very big mistake by indian railways.Please find attached photos as a proof.Please do needful action against all staff.   

 Respected sir,  Sub: ticket issuing clerk as a contractor employee belongs to koratty angadi railway station belongs to trichur district behaved with ugly words & arrogance, rough talking about want of a two tickets for my wife & daughter on 26.08.2017 urgent basis.Dear sir,  I am an retired employee of indian oil corporation ltd, daily i am depending on a passenger train morning guruvayoor - ernakulam in the morning at 8 `o' clock and the evening by alleppey - guruvayoor at ernakulam south by 7.35 pm.  Now, i am working as partner of indian oil dealer of vimal gas, palluruthy. Our zap code is 117744.  My complaint is about ticket issuing clerk of mr. Babu. Whenever the train comes not issuing the ticket on urgent basis as a man of human resources. Last six months back also, i am faced the same problem. Whenever i am get in ticket he is not issued ticket and talked with ugly words in early morning. This type of talking i am feeling too much. I am also, making the same complaint earlier your complaint register with u. U r not taking any action so far. I have already lodged this complaint this matter over telephonically by your contractor mr. Manesh sebastian. Also the passenger assoication peoples. Ticker issue clerk also, telling me not give complaint register while issueing ticket. Wait for train left only. These type of man won't allow worked with a contractor employee will face so many problem. Do the tickets some polite manners in the early morning. So many students going without job. Never appoint as retired employee like babu... Whats the vision for railyway about daily passengers...? Then onwards i am not taking seasons ticket also, ernakulam south. My. Id. No. C10ebtg1f5. Last 40 years travelled as passenger train.  May i request to u please issue the following details as apply for right information act. What the proceedure...? Koratty angady railway station.  1. Work order no. 2. Contractor name & mobile no. 3. Contractor employee details & mob. No. 4. Last month 3 months collections. 5. Last 3 months exps details eg. 01.04.2017 to 30.06.2017 6. Last 3 complaints register copies. & and already lodged a complaints  Original from compalint register. 7. Contractor employee bio - data copy. May i request you enquired the details and reply your confirmation. Do the needful as early possible. My good friends with in railway for your ready refference. 1. Kousal s. Rly chennai mob no. 090031 60010 2. Cicily s. Rly, ernakulam south mob no. 97465 98598. Now & then i am contacted for eq release for the above persons. For your ready refference & n. A. Please... If i am writing any worng words forgive me... Sorry for the delay for lodged this complaints i am with gst issues...Thanking u, Ever loving yours,, George thattil, Koratty. Mob. No. 98467 51026.   

 My complaint is about parking charges of car at aurangabad railway station. I dont know is it authorized by railways or not. They will take charge rs. 24/- even for 1 minute, even they provide receipt for the same. On 27.08.2017, i went aurangabad railway station, for 5 minutes they have taken rs.24/- as parking charge. I just want to confirm is it authorized by railways?   

 Respected sir/madam,  Myself and my wife traveled in palnadu express, from secunderabad to guntur. We observed the theft happened by the opposite passenger with seat no : 29 who also boarded the train at secunderabad and wants to travel till guntur. He hanged his overcoat on our handbag and after a while he kept that overcoat on the luggage carrier. Suddenly he got down in piduguralla station. Actually we did not notice our loss immediately. After we got down the train when were checking everything we came to know that we lost gold ornaments pouch which is inside our handbag.  We request you to please find out the person and get our gold ornaments back. Please kindly consider our complaint as we lost 48 grams of gold in total. My details are below:Pnr : [protected] Name : ramakrishna naralasettiTrain : palnadu expressTrain no : 12748Boarding pt : secunderabadArrival pt : gunturCoach : d1Seat no : 34, 35Date of travel : 28 aug 2017 (Monday) Ramakrishna n Nrkrishna.1953@gmail.com [protected]   

 Dear sir, myself krishnapal bind a employee of gail (India) ltd. I have mst 55436539 dated 14.06.2017. Uts bom8buh31h for 3 months & travelling from vishvamitry to bharuch. On 29.08.2017during travelling in memu surat-ahmedabad 7.00 pm i have loss my wallet including identity card, dabit card, visiting card & some money. Request for n. A please. My mo no [protected] & e-mail id kpb04583@gail.co.in   

 My train no. Is 12144 from sultanpur to ltt Date is 28 aug 17 departed from sultanpur but 4:25 hrs late but Today is 31aug 17time is 11:02am but not reached in ltt becoz route is diverted vai pune But 15min chalate 3-4 hrs rokte hai this is not fair abhi pune mhi pahucha Bhook lag rahi kal sham se but kuch nhi soch rahe ye log Please kuch kare yaar...   

 I have booked my ticket in 2ac now i have recived msg that my ticket move on to 3ac i have booked in tatkal i cant even cancel the ticket i dont want to travel in 2ac there is now law in india? How u the system allow to change coaches like this this happaness 2nd time with me check itTrn:18110Dt:31-08-2017Frm asr to rmtCls:3aP1-a1, 12P2-a1, 11   

 I have booked a ticket in train no. 12484 (Ex asr-kcvl) vide pnr no. [protected] on 26/8/17 and paid rs.679.12 vide txn. Id [protected]. On 27/8/17 i hv recd. A message on 9.42 am that the train has been cancelled. At 12.50 p. M. On the same day i recd. Message that now it will run on dt. 27/8/2017. No time mentioned. I inquired from the railway inquiry on ph. No.[protected] and got to know that train left at 1.20 p. M. From new delhiPl. Let me know how can i travel in that train for which i was informed earlier that it is cancelled. You are requested to refund fare paid for the above mentioned train ticket and also compensation for cancellation of my appointments due to wrong information shared by you.   

 Konark express of 29th august was delayed by a day. It was rescheduled thrice, but didn't depart from cst. Suddenly it departed from kalyan station without any prior notification to passengers from railway. Online status was also not updated until the train arrived at kalyan. For no mistake of mine, i couldn't board the train due to negligence of indian railway. My reservation was wasted.   

 Hi team, This is regarding my counter ticket cancellation issue.I have booked below pnrs on 14th march'2017 using my sbi debit card.I have cancelled all mentioned pnr numbers on 7th april'17.Since i have booked this tickets using my sbi debit card, i didn'tReceived any money in hand and got informed that amount will be refundedIn my sbi account (I. E. Electronic refunds). Yesterday i called to posCustomer care:[protected]Pankaj) and got informed that pnr statusShowing as amount refunded on 8th april'2017. But, i haven't got anyRefunds yet.Also, i have sent several mails to : posrefund@irctc.co.in for the same, but there is no further actions taken by any team till now.Attaching my sbi bank statement and you can see allTransactions from 14th march'2017 to till date. KindlyInitiate below refunds. [protected] — amount to be refunded:rs.1830/-[protected] — amount to be refunded: rs.1650/-[protected] — amount to be refunded: rs.305/-[protected] — amount to be refunded: rs.280/-Total pending refunds: rs.4065/-It is been more than 120+days and there was no credit done in my sbiAccount. Here with attaching the counter tickets and my bank statementAs further reference. Kindly take necessary actions.Regards, RaghavenderPh#+91-[protected]   

 Yesterday I miss train due to destination change by railway in Sewagrame Express .I book ticket from SBI buddy .while cancelling ticket SBI buddy refuses to file TDR .and told me to contact irctc.Whie irctc not shown my book ticket history. How I can get my money Refund back ?Plhelp me ..as no reply received from SBI buddy & irctc also.I paid money to railwayBut Refund not get.I need my refund back.my pnr nose are.1)PNR-[protected]Trn:12139Dt:[protected]Frm KYN to AKCls:SLP1-S9, 67P2-RC, S9, 23Chart Prepared2)PNR:[protected], TRAIN:12139, DOJ:29-08-17, SL, KYN-AK, Dep:15:58, RITESH SHIRBHATE, RAC 45, Fare:340, SC:0.0+PG+INS+AGENT CHGS, IF ANYPl help.   

 My family aboard a train on 28th morning from valliyur train no 16340 mumbai exp which was suppose to reach dadar by 8 30 pm 29th aug 2017 still it's not reached it's already 6 am of 30th aug 2017 no railway authority's is answering on the complaint number provided this the ridiculous answer by the ticket examiner empty the train get into local how people with luggage and small children's can travel through in such situations rail authority's has to take some serious action 182 1322 138 is just an number it's only ringing but no answer... Seriously ridiculous   

 Railway staff who provide bedshit n pillow speking abuse language in train 12114 near g6 boggie. As ladies n children r der so its very shamefull. I dnt know why they use bad language with each near g6 coach. As max peoples are sleeping still talking in abuse language very loudly. Pls resolve the issue as soon its embaracing to hear those words. Hoping for the action.   

 Wrong information from ernakulam railway station parcels service they said to get the parcel from bangalore railway just give the receipt number i'd proof and phone number and take the parcel and if want i could even give a scaned copy of the receipt when i went to the parcel office they told me to get the original receipt from ernakulam and the office staff in bangalore are so lazy they don't hear or respect any customer they don't need the i'd proof or nothing if in case i lost my receipt and somebody gets the receipt do they give the parcel to anyone without any proof who ever go with the original receipt that's fine no matter if it's the wrong person very bad service the staff's are very rude   

 It's a request not a complaint:We should get note in news update or notification from indian railways through their indicator apps for delay of trains.Reason for this request because of sudden delay of trains whether its in during the monsoon season or with any other reason, there has to be some notifications. Even if we reach office late by 5 mins we have to bear/ sacrifice our half day salary.In other countries, the train travellers get physical note if the train get delay so they can show in their office. We are just asking for notifications which should be reflecting in the railway apps like m-indicator or p-indicator on the basis of location.Hope such sensible point will be consider and implement for the benefits of common people.   

 Due to wrong railway policy of charging penalty from evening 6:00pm to morning 10:00am, i paid extra rs. 140/- against prr no. ([protected]), i paid the penalty rs. 826/-, i came at indore station, 6:00 pm at the time of counter closing, but parcel office people did not entertained and asked me to come again next morning at 10 am.. Which includes my own late charges, but if railway parcel counter is open then only penalty is applicable, why this orthodox policy is befooling the common man, plz refund my money with lots of difficulty and inconveniences charges.Plz find both the attachments. And resolve the matter asap.   

 I travelled on 28.08.2017 at 12.38 pm from manmad to ahmedabad in sl with ahmedabad express 16501/16502Where i was found housekeeping people's intentionally playing with dust bean and it's sounding loudly and we are carrying my small baby girl (Less than two month old), many time she was start crying whenever this guy's are sounding, i request them please don't do that i have baby with me and she is struggling to sleep bcz of this intentionally sound Please make a appropriate action to avoid this type of issuePlease note baby will be the heart touching for every one %#   

 I travelled from ambala kent to ahmedabad on date 10/08/2017 -11/08/2017 with train no 12474 in sleeper coach s/4. As i need to use standing toilet, i used standing (European) toilet of adjoining coach s/5. Firstly i cleaned the toilet as it was not flushed by previous user. One could not use flushing as there was no connection of flushing system i. E. Vertical pipe with flushing valve to w c pan. Water flow system was also closed for flushing pipeline. This seem to be high negligance of maintanance department at end stations by inspection as well as supervisory staff. There must be system of inspection as well as supervision for long route trains for such sanitatio issues. I could not photos as the size of photos were more than 2 mb.   

 I along with my mother were travelling in train no. 12957 on 27th aug 2017. Both are bags got stolen, thief stole the cash from the bag, kept the bag back in its place, thief got so much time just because of the involvement of the staff members obviously. My whole bag got stolen containing 4k cash my cr card, pan card and two gold rings worth rs 5ok.What kind of security is there in 2tier ac.Kindly look upon the matterSeat no. A3 19/20Lalita raniReetika kataria   

 Respected sir,  This is to inform you that my father mr. Anil kumar saxena, retired railway (66 yrs.) person got upper berth and side upper berth for my mother mrs. Naveent saxena (62 yrs.) and both person are senior citizens then also this happen to then, my father is heart patient and mother is having problem of discslip in back. So kindly consider my request for berth changement. Ticket details are as follows:Ticket no.: 03990489Pnr no.:[protected]Date of journey: 02.09.2017Class: 2acCoach/berth no.: a2-34 & a2-36Train no./name: 12404/jaipur allahabad expressThanking you, Arvind saxenaS/o. Shri. Anil kumar saxena, (Retd. Railway)C-109, street no.8, west vinod nagar, Near saraswati kunj apartment, New delhi-110092Mobile: [protected], [protected]   

 Sir, I, barun kr paul, am using uts mobile app since 1 year. My mobile number is [protected]. Last 1st august, 2017 i tried to recharge of amount rs.100 in my r-wallet from online transaction using debit card. My transaction was not completed but money was debited from my account and recharge was not done. I approached to local railway station but they told me that they are unable to help me. Even i approached 2 railway station named phulia, shantipur but they told me that i can not get my refund because i transacted through internet. My question is why have they put the option for online reacharge? So i need your kind help to get refund.Thanking you.   

 Dear sir/madam, In pandavapura (Mandya district) every morning (Especially on first working day of the week) the queue to take tickets will be very big and the ticket is being issued in only one counter. Most of the people will not get tickets before the train comes and they have to struggle to get tickets and some of them have no option other than getting in to the train and they will try getting tickets from the next stop. So, its a sincere request to provide one more ticket counter. Please do the needful as soon as possible.Thanks, Residents of pandavapura   

 Sir i booked my e tickets on 16/08/2017 from bhopal to nagpur for travell on dtd. 27/08/2017 by gondwana express no.12410 and back on dt. By train no. 18237 chhatisgarh express. Due to voilence in hariyana & punjab, baba ram rahim conviction case. On 26/08/2017. I made enquiry from 139 regarding train no. 18237 either it is cancelled or not. It was told that train has been cancelled. As my return train cancelled so i cancelled my both tickets. When i cancelled my e ticket from nagpur to bhopal it was appeared on computer screen that train is cancelled so your request is taken and refund will be processed. But on 27/08/2017, i received a sms that chart prepared and you have been alloted seat p1-ha1 cabin a upper from ngp to hbj. So due to mis management of railway system i am compelled to bear monetary loss. So please investigate and arrange my refund immediatly. Bn khambra.   

 Sir! I am travellers from mulacalacheruvu to secunderabad in tirupati superfast train. I am travelling in a disabled box. Here there are a lot of non disableds travelling in disabled box. Even there is no room for disableds. Some of the nondisableds have acquired all the seats. Please help us to have us enough room. Next station of this train is kadiri.   

 Sir, This is really very disappointing to deal and travel with indian railways. Sorry to use such language but i feel really very bad about it.On 26th august at 10 am i booked a ticket on tatkal but for the date 27th august not for 28th. As my real sister has expired and his terhvi was on 28th of august. That's why i booked the ticket for 27th and to reach dehradun on 28th morning with my son. But the ticket which came in the form of sms is as follows...Pnr:[protected], train:13009, doj:28-08-17, 3a, lko-ddn, dep:18:25, S k singhal+1, b3 41, b3 44, Fare:2340, sc:0.0+pg+insNow i dont find any use of this ticket and i just could not attend the terhvi ceremony there in dehradun.Now the cancellation of tatkal ticket is 0. Now you tell me i have been harresed by railyays as my money has gone and i couldn't even attend the ceremony also.Secondly tatkal ticket can be booked 24 hours prior only. Then how it has booked my ticket 48 hours prior??. This shows the error of your software.Now you are requesed to refund my whole money immediately Thanks S. K. SinghalRetd. Govt service.   

 Dear sir, My father, sri debabrata sengupta cancelled one railway ticket in the month of february 2017. Till date the refund has not been done. We have patiently waited for too long, hence we are forced to send this mail to you.Hope the money will be refunded soon. Please find attached the copy of the cancelled documents for your reference.Kind regards   

 Sir have taken prs ticket pnr no [protected] date 27/08/2017 train no 12138 from lar to hbj from tikamgarh prs counter but now the train is cancelled but when i reached to tikamgarh prs counter today for cancellation about 9 pm today but the railway staff refused to cancell and he did not know the rules and also said that counter is closed today and near by counter is about 55 km far away. U are kindly requested to take action for refund   

 Sir.I went to boinda, odisha reservation counter to book a ticket from howrah to talcher via bhubaneswar on 31st of august 2017. Howrah to bhubaneswar in train no.12837And continue journey in bhubaneswar to talcher in train no. 18507.In the continuation format. But the reservation person refused to book the continuation ticket. He said you have make two different tickets for it. This station is not upgraded to continuation format I am a doctor in near by village. And to make a ticket i have to come 50 km from the village. And if this will be said. Then what is the other options.Please take appropriate action against it   

 I am a student i am travelling from bharatpur junction to fatehsinghpura date 25/8/2017 between these station my bag will be theft by any person my mobile and earphone and money also theft and my notebook also in bags i take enquiry from all grp station from hindaun to swaimadhopur but i not get enquiry about it so sir help me and i have worked in my notebooks so my reading is disturbed i also have written my address and contact information on the front page of my notebook   

 Sir, My train is 12557 from gorakgpur to delhi vide pnr no [protected] on 26.8.2017 at 18:30pm but on ntes it is showing late by 02 hours 10 min so the time is 20:00pm as per ntes. But when i reached station the train left the station on 19:30pm. Ntes is sowing wrong info after that it shows correct but train left. Please refund my amount rs 2470.   

 My son loosing mobile phone samsung galaxy young on 23/08/2017 in waiting room delhi. Some body is taking that mobile that personage mohan lal. I kindly request you to return that mobile.My number is[protected]. If any body found kindly send below addressH l suresFlatno 105, first floorQuality raga appartment5th main mahalakshmi layoutAnanthpura, yelahankBangalor 560064   

 Dear Sir, I’m writing this mail in order to bring the matter of misbehavior by one of the ticket examiner at Durgapur (dgr) station on the morning of 26.08.17.On the morning of 26.08.17 after I got down from Mayurakshi Fast Passenger (53046) at Durgapur station, I was asked to show the ticket by one of the ticket examiner at the main exit at Platform no. 1. After I handed the ticket he examiner cancelled the ticket & refused to hand me over the same citing some law. When I asked him that how was I supposed to claim by travel expense he rudely replied that it was not his lookout & pointed towards a box where it was written to submit the tickets in it. He also took me to an office where he showed me a register where details of some tickets were noted but he could not show me any memo/notification/written record which could support his claim.Yet when I kept insisting for the ticket he threatened me to arrest me & keep me in custody as long as required as he is the representative of the president of the union of India & he has the authority to do so. At this point of I was so exasperated that even I asked him to arrest me as he was preparing to lodge an FIR against me on the ground of causing hindrance to a railway official while discharging his duty. Now another senior official rushed into the room & asked the examiner to let me go & asked him to get back to his workplace as he had left the exit gate un-manned. During this entire period he kept yelling at me hurling derogatory remarks at me. Only after the other person intervened, his voice became soft & he advised me either to ask my company to write a letter to the railway ministry asking for numbered ticket or simply slip out of the station through any un-manned exit without being detected.Now, my question is, is there really any law like this & if so, is there any official notification there ? Everytime I requested an examiner to return the ticket I was given so without any questions being asked. Here I was threatened with prison time & was mis-behaved only for having to know any particular law. I was also told that I was not invited by the railways to avail it’s services.I am writing this report with this expectation that my grievance will not fall in deaf ears & no other passenger is harassed like this.I am attaching the ticket for which all this has happened.Also this particular examiner didn’t have any name plate on him.With regardsAbhradeep Goswami   

 Very bad conditions of coaches leaking water into the coach when raining. I am traveling from kota to kannur by 22656 coach number s4. Some catering person entered from panvel station and serve food at 1200hrs one egg biryani charged for 85/- with out having any name of vendor nor having pickle or any side dishes. I already complaint the same matter of rathlam station but the action didn't taken by your authority till date. What are you persons doing by opening this type of website having customer satisfaction of 1%. Please work for improve the quality of indian railway   

 Respected sir, I am an army personal and i had booked my bike hero splender + and four house hold goods on 04 aug 2017 from ambala vantt railway station to tuticorin city railway station against my journey ticket. A total of five items including bike. I have understood that my luggages and the bike has been off loaded at ambala cantt railway station. But all my items are not recieved on till date that is yet 25 aug 17. The pnr no of journey ticket and the luggage ticket are as follows:-Journey ticket pnr no:[protected] date of journey:- 04 aug 17Luggage rr no - 107671 date of booking:- 03 aug 17Type of vehicle :- motercycle hero splender + ba no hr 2y 8153 Withought petrol covered with gun. Bag.Items details :- three house goods pakge and one steel boxTotal items :- five (Including bike)E-mail :- karuppasamy154@gmail.comTele no :- [protected]Mob no [protected]   

 On 25.8.17Shatabdi express arrives at agra cantt at 9.55 pmLeft at 10 pm 45 minutes late.After ten minutes food served was cold and staleNot worth eatingBad curd.It is surprising that no care is taken to serve good quality footing premium trains.You are quick to charge dynamic fare how about increasing the quality of food served or that is not your duty. You just want to charge for but do not want to provide better quality food.Your catering manager refused the complaint bookDr fateh singh Coach c 3 seat 9 shatabdi express   

 I have booked ticket for 2 person having PNR no. [protected] Train 12151 Date of journey 25/08/2017 in 2 A. C. from Bilaspur to Raigarh under current reservation. Our tickets were confirmed in coach no 1A and seat no. 14 & 15.On request to provide the bed roll, coach attendent refused to provide the bed roll. We requested to provide atleast one bed roll but he didn't turn up.   

 New delhi railway station par bike parking walo ne apni man man i kar rakhi hai 1 din bike parking charge 100 rsAb ko. Din bike khadi kare to 300 rsLoot khori macha rakhi hai Kuch bolo to aage se ladne ko aate hai or bolte hai Railway se baat karoCour ko in par kar wahi karni chahiyeHad hoti hai kisi chiz kiLoot khoro ki kami ni hai desh me   

 Dear sir/ madam i have book material from dehradun(ddn) to jhansi(jhs) @ 11 august 2017 by train ddn mdu sf exp.(12688) for run 12 august 6:45am.But my booking material has not deliverd to me at jhansi junction. I have registered complain and go daily at station for my missing parcel. But material has not deliverd to me and parcel cell did not tell where is your, material when it will be available. Please recognize my materal and help me.-- booking material by name--national cable network-jhansi booking by catvision ltd parcel way bill no. - l 829032 (attached) booking date- 11 august 2017sunil kumar [protected], [protected]sunilkuday@gmail.Com   

 No response from railways has been received till date for finding my missing lugage as per details below I was travelling on 30/7/17 from jammu to ferozpur from train no 19226 under coach b2 and seat no 48. There was a family along with me in that coach bearing all the seat no's except mine. I have doubt that the family along with me in the coach has mistakenly taken my bagKindly help me in finding the luggage.   

 Sir, we have journey ticket from muzaffarpur to kolkata on 24/08/2017 from train no.15052.in railway app train timing show 19.07 runnig late but unfourtanetly train depart from destination right time.. We have faces many problems for this information.in supporting i attached image of time show by railway. Pnr no: [protected], [protected], [protected], [protected]Kindly take an action on this... And we want fully cancelation. With hope of a positive response   

 Irctc refund claimTdr details Transaction details  Pnr no. Total refund to be made [protected] : 770/-  [protected] : 905/- [protected] : 1450/- [protected] : 1330/- (50% payment recieved for this pnr)Date of journey: 02/02/2017 Train no: 12409 Train name: gondwana expressFrom station: gondiaReason for tdr file: train delayed by more than 6 hours (Train actually departed by 12 hours delay)Kindly make necessary refunds as now it has been more than 6 months from filing tdr.   

 Dear sir / madam, It is requested a that there is railway station near lucknow, which is non stopping and due to which a lot of trouble and accident happens in often at the station by train number 14209 and 14210. People wants to get down due to near home near utrathia stations. So it is requested to kindly make regular stopping station for the train number 14210 and 14209.To avoid hassle free environment.Thanking you, R. K. Tripathi / 94544414786   

 Please refer to my complaint no. 1661765 sent to you on 14/7/2017 and complaint no.1664143 sent to you on 15/8/17 regarding non refund of money on cancelled chhatisgarh express train with doj as 13/7 and 7/7 for up and down journeys from and to amritsar. As per the railway rules the ticket amount was to be automatically transferred to my account but i am sorry to tell you that it has not been done so far even after a period of 45 days. Both the trains are shown in list of railwaywebsite for cancelled trains  Http;//ncr. Indianrailways.gov.in/print_section. You are requested to please look in to my case and inform me  The status of my two complaints no. 1661765 and 1664143  Thanking you  Narinder singh mail - nsingh 2011@yahoo.in Date ; 24/8/17   

 21.4.17 ko delhi cantt. Rail reservation centre par tickets book karavate huey muzhey clerk dwara bahut harrase kiya gaya. Time morning 8am. Thaa.  Huaa yeh thaa ki ek hee naam kee 6 ticket book karani thee. Unohone kewal 2 ticket accept kee.Mein dubaaraa line mein lag ke aayaa unohoney 1 ticket lee.Mein fir line mein laga unohoney refuse kar diyaa. Jab kee peechey aur koee khaas rush nahee thaa.Unohoney muzhe kahaa kee doosree line mein lago. I msenior citizon. Muzhe non senior citizon ki line mein lagne ko mazboor kar diya.Jab kee woh kaafi der tak free thee aur doosron ko bhee disturb kar rahee thee.   

 I have cancelled my ticket online dt 23.08.2017 about 1:15 am and railway also conformed me through sms my mob. ([protected])  In the 1st morning i want to durgapur reservation counter for refundable amount with original ticket but reservation staff refused me for the same, also t tell me that it is concern to shalimar prs. It is not to be possible to me to get refundable amount from shalimar, i cancelled my ticket due to illness it is not to possible to go shalimer prs.Train no. 22849, train name - shm sc wkl expPnr no. [protected]   

 My material was booked from ambala to mbd bility no. J239833 on 21/09/16, but railway staff mentioned wrong bility no. On that parcel, due to which it was lost and we made complain on the same spot.Now railway informed that they hv recd the material in mbd, but they are not releasing the material, they are asking for unnecessary charges. Mob no. [protected]   

 This case is of march 2012, and wanted to inform to railways that my wife was traveling from gadarwara to kurla mumbai in rajendra nager express, in which we lost jewelry around inr 5 lacs that time, we have raised our complaint by filing fir, and zero fir at kurla mumbai.The theft had happened near manmad junction, However there has been no result for it after 5 years also, the fir has not generated any results and could not get our lost jewelry.I want to complain here after seeing the recent thefts in rajdhani express, wanted to say if we pay a higher price for a second ac, how there is no proper safety provided by the railways, most of the thefts happen in 2 tier ac compartments where there is a lesser crowd.The irony is how some one can get inside a coach and steal our valuables.This loss has brought a lot of distress in our family, my wife lost all her jewelry and we were asked to run poll and pillars for making a fir which was also a tiresome task.I was also going for a legal option to go against railway, however, dint do it thinking that there could be no recourse and it is already 4 to 5 years to that event.I wanted to bring to your notice the kind of dilemma we face and there has been absolutely no recourse available if we are unlucky affected ones by that event.I hereby wanted to ask whose is the primary responsibility for safety in trains, especially where we pay extra for additional comfort and safety, why we are put at higher risk than the ones in 3 tier ac or for that matter sleeper.Hereby if there has been proper checks and control in place that time we wouldn't have lost our jewelry.Security cameras should be there at least in a 3 tier ac compartments. Have thought railways being government will never take the responsibilities because person effects are to be taken care by passengers, however, if there are trespassers who perform such act responsibility surely lies with railways.   

 Hello! My issue about railway is.. Being a regular passenger of local trains, i'm facing problems because of late run of trains. I catch a local from titwala everyday (Titwala to cst - 7.53 am) but this train reaches at 9.30 to 9.33 to dadar which is late by 15 mins everyday. So, today i caught train at 7.30 but this train also reached at dadar around 9.30 which should be reached at 8.52 as per it's official time. And railway management do not take any initiative to announce that trains are running late despite there is a facility available in trains. Why everyone should face this problem everyday? What kind of management is this?Can you explain or do something about it?? Indian railways   

 Dear sir, Is their any hope that i will get justice?On of your railway staff in ecr/hjp harassing us continuously and no one their to help out.Our case is pending in account section since long and when i approach him to look on it - he scolded me and told me to go out of office and also told that your file will not forwarded as i will not look on it (Mean it will stuck in office artificially) the gentleman name is ajay kumar ([protected]) he works in account section.Pls look on this matter and take hard action against him. So that no one dare to pollute the working environment of railway.RegardsManish   

 Dear sir, i am a ladies from kanpur. When i was travelling to kanpur by jammu tavistock 12470 express on 22/8/17my bag was stolen away in between lakser to muradabad station. Near about 8000 rupees and one mobile phone sumsung was lost. The same was happened with 2more people in the compartments s9and s3. When i got down to complaint at coach supervisor no response i get please enquire the same and kindly take immediate action.Hope this will be considered seriously Truly yoursAnkita singh   

 I tried to book 2 senior citizen tickets online for me and my wife in 2ac in doronto express. It showed 50 berths available (In two 2ac coaches). After making the payment, it asked you are getting berths in 2 different coaches whether you want to book? It happened four times, my amount was deducted 4 times, each time it asked the same question. Again same thing happened when i tried to book two senior citizen berth 2ac in august kranti rajdhani from nizamuddin to mumbai central. This time it showed 84 berths available but again my amount got deducted and it asked about berths being booked in two different coaches.I have never seen such a shabby treatment to senior citizens from indian railways. What is wrong with irctc system? Is it malfunctioning? Why senior citizens are being targeted in this way?Also there is no guarantee that even after availability of so many berths we will get the lower berth. Does indian railways want senior citizens to climb up the upper berths at this old age? I think indian railways instead of moving forward are going down and down.An unhappy frequent traveller.Raj kumar sethAge: 67 yearsMumbaiPh: +91-[protected]   

 I had cancelled 2 tickets on 3rd aug 2017 at asansol railway station.I was booked the ticket at asansol railway station through pos. So they told that the payment will come to my account only.But still i had not received the payment.Please refund my payment as early as possible.Thanks & regards, Rajasree banerjee   

 Name of complainant: karthigeyan bDate of occurrence:[protected]Place of occurrence: between salem to dharmapuriTrain no. & name: 16574 & ypr express.Bogie no.:s10Pnr no.: [protected]Nexus 5x, imei no.:[protected]Motox: imei no. Unknown.Total worth: 46000/-We were travelling from pondicherry to bengaluru.We have ensured that our mobile phone was with us at around 2.00 am. But at around 3.15 we have noticed that our mobile was stolen.We have informed the railway police in the bogie s9.He asked us to register a complaint or call 1512 to inform about the theft.   

 I was travelling from dhanbad to chennai via dhanbad express 1335, sleeper coch s2.in this journey i suffered a lot because my mobile was shutdown and in my coch there were no charging slot. Apart from my compartment every compart has charging slot. So i request to railway board plzz provide charging slot to every compartment because u r taking same money to every passenger   

 Iwe are senior citizens who had booked by the above train to bengaluru city station from toranagallu on 21.08.2017. Initially we got a message that the train is delayed by 4 hours. Thereafter it kept on getting delayed. Even the telephone calls to hubli railway station master did not yield any correct information. Ultimately there was a delay more than 7 hours and we were staying at donimalai township and at that time to find a conveyance and reach the place was almost impossible. When we attempted to apply for refund of the tickets, we were informed that tdr has to be filed within 30 minutes. Forget about the rules, there is no consideration of being a senior citizen of more than 74 years. My pnr [protected]. Because of this delay i had to cancel my onward reservation to delhi by rajdhani and incur further cancellation charges. Is this a public service by a government transporter? This matter has to be looked into and refund granted.RegardsRamamurthy   

 I have cancelled my railway ticket (Credit card sbi) on 21/7/, 17Pnr no-[protected] and [protected]Pnr no-[protected] dtd 14/7/17. The amount appx rs 2580 not refunded yet.On railway tucket counter reservation clerk told that refund amount will be transfered in credit card account within 7 days. Till date i have not received... Pls do the needful   

 Dear sir, This is to inform you that we could not attended our upward journeyTrain due to train late on route.in this regards we had filed a tdr atKharagpur railway station in due time.The details are as follows:-Journey date-30.06.2017Pnr no-866-0327579Train no-12833From rourkela to howarhPnr no-650-2891503Train no-12345From howarh to guwahatiTdr filed at kharagpurDate-30.06.2017Time 20:40Tdr no-197750 But, till the date neither refund has taken places nor anyCommunications from railways end.Please resolve and arrange to refund my money.We have attached the photo of tickets and tdr copy for your ready reference.   

 Dear sir, i would like to draw your kind attention towards the city side parking stand of kanpur.in the receipt, they have not mentioned the motor cycle/scooter charges per day. They r charging rs 20 per day. I am attaching here the copy of receipt. Pl do needful. Pl take necessary action to avoid any problem to passengers. They r charging a day from midnight.   

 Sir, I booked on line tickets as per below detail from ajmer junction to bareilly junction, we reached ajmer junction before 2 hour at started timing of our train. We talk railway inquiry, he told us, your rain has been cancelled due to heavy rain & your payment will be return in your account within five days maximum.Pnr no booking date boarding date train no train name station from station to amount rs.[protected] 28th june 17 14th august 17 15716 garib nawaj exp. Ajmer jn. Bareilly jn. 2190[protected] 9th august 17 14th august 17 15716 garib nawaj exp. Ajmer jn. Bareilly jn. 365Kindly instruction to concern person, to refund above tickets amounts.With regards, Saleem shahMob. No [protected]   

 Hi,  This is a suggestion on reservation which will really improve the standard of our railway service from customer point of view. Let's say i am travelling from rasp (Rasipuram) to hsra (Hosur). But normally i will not get confirmed ticket from rasipuram to hosur. So i book it from sa (Salem) to hsra (Hosur) and boarding at rasipuram with general ticket. Ideally speaking fare from sa to hsra and rasp to hsra is same which is rs.140. My suggestion is why should i need to take general ticket in case if the fare is same.. Instead you can provide Some options like reserved from here to here and boarding at some point in case if the fare is same. If the fare is not same then you can include the additional cost for rasp to sa in total fare. I know all dumb people only sitting in the government and you don't even understand what i'm trying to say since i have faced lots of irritating foul response from many department customer interface of government of india. I'm already worrying more like why did we got freedom atleast british would've run corruption less government even i'm not offered free stuff from government.. Please consider this request with some value and do the needful.   

 At platform no -1, the escalator staff who is on duty at 5:30, 20-8-2017 upward escalator behaved very rudely with me and my husband, we travelling with two little kids, iam handling my kids at the escalator and my husband is carrying the luggage with one hand and holding the sides of the escalator, he asked to lift the luggage with the hands how can a person holds luggage without any support, when we asked why? He switched off the escalator and started arguing since there is heavy rush we have done according to him, if my husband fells down (Patient) what happens? I would really like to know whether railways has introduced any norm that luggage should not be kept on the escalator with a hand on it and it should be lifted up in the air without holding the sides of the escalator.   

 My reservation ticket was confirm on 18th aug 2017 from ramgarhwa station but train was not come on that day. On that day i went to raxaul prs counter for refund my ticket money but prs counter man did not refund my ticket amount due to link disturb. I have request refund my ticket amount manually but not refund my ticket amount.Please refund my full ticket money.   

 Sir, i am azeem sheikh have booked tatqal counter ticket from ltt in hatiya express on 19.08.2017 at 18:23 hrs for sleeper birth in train no - 12811,  Pnr no - [protected] (59 numbers of birth are available). This seat is damage and unable to sleep. Today i'm very tired but i can't sleep in this damage seat i'm very upset & disturb it's all because railway taken my full payment but not fulfill costumer (My) comfort.   

 Respected sir, Scr rly, authorities not taking any action for development of gdv (Gudivada) station of surrounding area. The station vacant land is blocked with dirty ponds. People who live there suffering with pollution and bad smell with mosquitoes and other insects. The track sunk by these pools in rainy season. Therefore honorable rly minister mr. R. Velu announced on that time (1980) for lunching of wagon repair sheds over there. But the bza (Bezawada) authorities solved the problem at mtm (Machilipatnam) station which is nearest station to gdv and they removed the polluted pools in mtm (Machilipatnam) station.So we are requesting you sir please take a good decision for gdv station vacant land for useful.Thanking you sir.   

 Respected sirWith reference to pnr no [protected] ticket was booked on 22/7/2017 for travel date 15/8/2017 train no 12936 surat bandra inter city for 3 person the ticket was issued showing original wl 14/15/16 and current status wl 8/9/10 and then i was regulary checking the status on the site one week before the travel date the status shown on the site that ticket was confirmed till the day before the travel date the status was confirmed and all of sudden when i check the pnr on the day of travel before 2 hrs when chart was prepared i was surprised the status of my ticket has changed and it shown the current status as wl 9/10/11 and as it was e ticket my ticket was canceled Respected sir i am surprised how the wl status as increase instead of decreasing and how my one week before status has change which show that the ticket confirm and due to that i was fall under great trouble to travel with the family taken unreaserved ticket and not that all With out my fault they have also deducted the cancelation charges for the ticket without giving any services instead of giving compensation for the trouble which i have to suffer due to railway fault they are still penalising meKindly look into the matter and do needul by giving the explantion why it has been occured and kindly refund my canelation charges at it was not my fault and it has occured due to railway fault   

 Even after traveling for 2hrs the ac is not cooling and maintaing a temp of 22deg. The temp is approx to 27deg which is not sufficient. I have complain to tte but no action. This is making my body immunity low. So please take proper initiative urgently. I m traveling from scl to agartala on 19th today. My seat no is pnr:[protected], train:55664, doj:19-08-17, 3a, scl-agtl, dep:08:00, Kamal bihani, b1 56, Fare:450, sc:0.0+pg+ins   

 Ject: bikes parcel issueDear sirGreetings of the day!!!I am ravi kumar from m-11 saurabh vihar jaitpur new delhi 110044. O would like to informed you that i am bike parcel hazrat nizamuddin to kte my lt prr number is [protected]. I am travelled train no 12281 and my bike parcel booked his train when i reach destination station my booked item not received while i am pay extra charges because bike urgently required my transfer to mp. So what is this gap between parcel or staff.Kindly due to request you please resolved my issue because i am servant of public and indian army if i am not reached location you don't know expecting how much misbehave by staff.Why parcel staff are sleeping. I hope you resolved my issue as soon.Ravi kumar[protected]   

 When we, with old lady oparated with knee joint came from coimbatore to madurai by train 22668 on 18/08/17 at about 00:20 hours on 19/08/17, the train embarked on platform no: 3. We found that nethier the escalator in platform no: 2/3 nor the battery car was working and exit esculator form stationo also not working. With much pain we got help from a porter with wheel chair and got away form the maduai railway station.There were lot of such old persons unable to claimb up stairs and come up or go to platform no: 2/3 in the odd night hours.16733/rameswaram - okha express was also getting stopped at platform no: 2 at the time.When i approched the station master on duty, he informed that "the esculator opertion will stop at 22:00 hours everyday. The battery car has been put on electric charge and will be ready only after two hours.I requst suitable remady in future please.   

 Fir for mobile theft along with sim cardDear sir, Reference to above subject, my brother's phone (Galaxy j2 gold with gold cover) 16.08.2017 around 1.200 am.At plateform number 1 during me nd my brother waiting for bandra to bhavnagar terminas train.Ime no. Are[protected] and [protected]Please help me to locate the phone.My contact details is as follows:Name: nitesh joshiAddress: 13 third flor geeta nagar 1 punagam surat 395010Contact no. [protected]. [protected].[protected]Best regards, Nitesh joshi   

 I travelled in 19307 ina1 coach from agra to chandigarh Pnr-[protected]Trn:19307Dt:[protected]From agc to cdgCls:2aP1-a1, 6 (Change birth to 23)I lost my pandrive while sleeping on birth if the staff found it can send on my address or give to station master chandigarh. And inform me with mobile or email. Please enquire the bedroll attendant of that coach he might have found while collecting bed rolls. Please do the needful.Bharat bhushan   

 Respected sir, I had booked a ticket (Pnr no[protected] through your counter at chapra & payment was made through my debit card. Due to some reason the same ticket was cancelled on my request on[protected] at lucknow. Near about sixty days is going to complete but tdr not received to me. Kindly resolve the issue at the earliest please.Thanks & regardsManoj kumar singhMob no-[protected]Email id - mksinghsignals@gmail.com.   

 I am travelling by train no. 12495 2nd ac coach today. There is no security of luggage and people. Vendors are roaming around the coach and disturbing people and their privacy. Attendant also doing nothing on this issue. Kindly look into the matter.Also on request of many people, attendant is not responding on issues and saying this train is like this only.   

 Sir, on 12th of this month with 2nd class reservation ticket, reached pune railway stationat 1230pm, and waited in the sleeper class waiting hall till 2am, as my train for coimbatore at around 0215a. M., put on my mobile for charging, when i came back from loo, could not found my phone. Searching for it, had reached for station manager, he says, not concerned with phones, that duty is grp,. On approaching g. R. P. They r sleeping, saying that come back after 7a. M.in the morning. At last around 0830 a. M. On 13/8/2017 they gave me a copy of f. I. R. Please note that on particular night there was not a policeman found on platform. Every day in pune rly station 8 to 9 cases of mobile theft cases. Please do need ful.   

 I booked two tickets from indian railway counter and cancelled then as per the legal procedure. I received tdr for those tickets from the station master and i send them at the respective mention address over their twice but no response receive till now, no authority is going to response me well.Please provide me the refund as soon as possible, Details of tds are attached with the complaint.   

 I lost my wallet in train. A passenger named sujith. He saw and gave my wallet to the tc. My train name is sabari express. I traveled from guntur to katpadi on 15th august 2017 at 5:20pm. The tc traveled from tirupati to salem. I want the tc details. Please accept my request. Thousand rupees and an atm card are there in my wallet. Please send his details. Iam a student in vit university. I belong to n block in vit university. My room number is 120   

 The sign boards presently displayed on the sides of train compartments show various train names, and destinations. This is confusing the passengers looking for their particular train. This also creates the risk of passengers boarding the wrong train. The problem is aggravated for those who are not familiar with the regular local trains or are new to the place.It is suggested that only the relevant sign board is installed in the particular train so there is no confusion created. This was the method adopted earlier.   

 The printing of details on the train ticket (Train no., from, to, date, time of boarding etc.) are printed in very small font making them unreadable by those who are sight impaired and senior citizens and are putting them to hardships. They sometimes take the wrong ticket or take the wrong time to reach the station. It is suggested that the font size of the printing is made larger to make the details easily readable by passengers.   

 I booked a ticket on train no 12521 to chalakudy. Departure time should be 11:50pm but at the time i reached station there was a notification that the train will be arriving at 4:20am and i was not informed or got any sms as i have booked online through irctc. I was waiting there for almost five hours and at 4 am arrival time changed to 5am and again 5:20 and again 5:30... I was waiting in the station for 6 hours.. If i have got the information early i could have saved my time.. This was very irritating and no one was there to help or in the help desk. This show that railway service has 0% customer service... I need a refund for the long waiting and for 0% customer service...   

 Hi, I was travelling in jaipur pune express (12940) on 15-aug-2017 with my wife from ramganjmandi to pune.My pnr number was [protected].My birth number was 25/26 in coach b-3 (3ac)I have been allotted a middle birth.in the middle birth there were 2 hooks which support the birth but in my case one hook was broken, i am attaching the images of the broken hook. I notified the problem to the coach attendant but he was rude to me, after that i told my problem to tte, after 2 hours of struggle around 12.00am midnight he allotted a seat to me in other coach (B1 - 52). First of all i had to leave my luggage and my wife in coach b-3 and had to travel alone.My wife was sleeping and around 2.00 am midnight coach attendant came with one home guard and he was trying to adjust that police guy on middle birth which was broken. My wife opposed to it but still he was forcing her to adjust that guy on middle birth. After so many arguments he went from there. But due to that incident my wife was not able to sleep whole night, she was scared too much due the behavior of the coach attendant. Even tte instructed him that birth should not be allotted to anyone.Coach attendant already knew that the seat hook was broken before but no one paid attention to that It was too much for me i have paid complete charge to railway but was not able to sleep for a minuet due to this incident. Why railway is too much careless about all these, fares are increasing like anything but the service is going down.I have wasted complete money for the ticket i could travel in general coach.I have seen one of the coach attendant was drinking whisky in the coach.You have to take legal action about that coach attendant.  — Thanks, ​​Kshitij [protected]   

 I entered irctc site on 15 august 2017 evening and booked for a ticket from hwh to bbs. The payment from my sbi account was made through internet banking mode. But the ticket was not issued as the internet connection was poor... I think.. And till now it is showing as follows:In booked ticket history... No mention about the ticketUnder my transactions... It shows as follows:Booking transaction id	 booking status100000945071382	 payment requestedToday is 16th aug. What shall i do? Please help.   

 I have booked two tickets for gorkhapur to secunderabad on dated 14/04/17 and 05/06/17 and paid the fare amount by swiping my debit card in railway counter. But due to some domestic problem i cancelled the both tickets on dated 04/06/17 and 07/06/17. But refund not received of cancelled tickets pnr no. [protected] and [protected] till now. Tickets were cancelled on 04/06/17 and 06/06/17.   

 My self varun kumar singhI am traveling in train no 15098From jammu to lucknow date[protected]When i selep my purse take by thief in my purse 6000rs and pan, atm, adhar, and some documents and i am say to grp but not find my purse what can i do ofter 70 years of freedom railway not do anything they are helpless than please suggested me what can i do if possible Name-varun kumar singhVill-jamin meghaiPo-azamatgarhDist-azamgarhE-mail-varunsingh7007@gmail.comMob-[protected]-[protected]   

 This is to bring to your notice that the passenger trains running towards bangalore from bangarpet line are always delayed and stopped at unscheduled places along the way. These trains are used as the only mode of transport by a lot of private sector employees like us, for whom timeliness is very important.Please fix the issue as it causes a lot of negative impact   

 I boarded 12447 on 15th august 2017 from jhansi to nizzamuddin.. Pnr status for one passenger was waiting 3 and for other reld in 3rd ac. We have paid the money and still not able to sit inside coach and somehow managing in very difficult way whereas there was a girl with ticket of general and tt took her inside and gave her berth.. Is this is what supposed to happen with a passenger who paid the full money for third ac and on the other hand other girl with general ticket have been supposed to be provided the berth. Today i am disappointed a lot with my indian rialwyas.. Shame on you   

 I used to travel in dhanbad express 13352 train. Several times i have noticed sleeper coaches are dirty, uncleanness as much as drainage. Even berths will be dirty, damaged and full of dust especially side upper berth. Berths are filled with musiquotes even in running train. People are suffering alot with the mentioned. Please take immediate actions to correct this.   

 On 15th August, 2017, i am waiting in Cuttack station ...Why Barbil Puri schedule time 5.45pm that comes Cuttack @8.10pm why delay???Goods train are passing in front of me..we are passenger totally ignored. Who will see this..I am suffering huge upset both mentally & stress from family due to delay, after all i am a tourist & rest of the time out of drain.Stop this type of harassment. Railway authority plz check the actual behind It.Thinking you   

 Sir iam booking two ticket on date25/05/17and29/05/17through my credit card and I cansel29/05/17. Pnr no is [protected]. And. [protected]. But after two month we are not receive refund. Amount so I'm request to you to refund my amount as much as possible. Thanks. Rajkishore kathua. Mob no [protected]sir I meet researvatin suparvisear meny times but no response so please solve my problems   

 Dear Sir  I booked my train journey by Chhattisgarh Express on 7/5/17 for journey from Faridabad to Amritsar with PNR no. as [protected] and DOJ as 7/7/17 in coach S-1 of train no. 18237. This train was notified as cancelled through railway website http;//ncr.indianrailways.gov.in /print_section  and in national newspapers also The reason cited was that some interlocking work is going on in faridabad station area When we consulted railway officials about refund they said that since the train has been cancelled by railway the refund amount in this case will be automatically transferred to my account which has not been done so far even after a lapse of one monthThe website of cancelled trains - http;//ncr.indianrailways.gov.in/print_section ( Ref sr no, 23  Now after a long and very tiring wait I have been compelled to bring it to your kind notice why the refund of my money has not been made to me so far and why I have been made to suffer so much for no fault of mine .  So I request you to please take immediate action in this regard and make refund payment to me Thanking you Date 15/08/17Yours faithfullyNARINDER SINGH Mob no. [protected]E mail - nsingh2011@yahoo.in   

 Hello.I was travelling to Jodhpur on 1st June 2017, however due to heavy rains and rail track issues the train was abruptly cancelled on Mahesan Railway station.Please review details below:Transaction ID: [protected]Train No./Name: 12480/SURYANAGARI EXPPNR No [protected]Date of Journey: 01-Jul-2017Class: THIRD AC (3A)Ticket Amount:2500.0	Ticket Type:E-ticketReason For TDR: Train Terminated Short Of Destination.TDR Filing Date: 02-Jul-2017 13:11:09 HRSTDR Status CR RegisteredCancellation ID: [protected]TDR Zone: NORTH WESTERN RAILWAY (NW)Registration No:[protected]	As conveyed to us by your representatives that we will get full refund however inspite of filing TDR on 2nd June, we haven’t received the refund or heard from you guysPlease confirm when we will get refund for this ticket.Regards, Sher Singh   

 Sir, I wish to inform you that insufficient bedding is carried in garib rath. Therefore it is upto the attendent whom to provide bedding and whom not to. Some passengers therefore are left without bedding. It is therefore requested that sufficient bedding be carried in garib rath trains and everyone gets the same on payment be ensured. My pnr no.816 1638434. Traveled by nagpur pune garib rath on 11/8/17 g 12 coach Thank you   

 Dear IR, I have noticed that after GST implementation, break journey and circular journey are discontinued. Neither government nor railway advertise this thing, why. It is stated that due to gst technical reason it is discontinued. I as a common man strongly condemn​ this move. How can raise this issue to prime minister. At least citizen has right to know what bad effect are of gst. Tks. Rajeev Singhvi   

 Dear sir/mamI cancelled my rail journey ticket on feb.24, 2017 which was issued against swipe machine during demonetization.it is assured by clerk that the refund will come directly to your account.i did many request mail to concern rail authorities but couldn't get my refund back till today.i am worried about my refund money rs. 1780/-details--ticket booking date-31.01.2017cancellation date-- 24/02/2017PNR NO. 242-7620294train no-18206 Nautanwa Express.booking station- raigarhjourney station- pratapgarh to bilaspur   

 Sir, I have booked a Railway Signalling item"NDT Fuse" from railway parcel booking office at Patna. The material has booked from Patna to Mathura Jn having RR No. [protected] on 16-Feb-17. The material is packed in 03 boxes at Patna office but at Mathura Jn I have received only 02 boxes of material. The parcel officer said that only 02 boxes has been unloaded at Mathura Jn and no further information of 01 box is available on website as well as at parcel office. I have tried to search at Mathura Jn but did not find the box. I have tried to file a complain on the number provided on Parcel India website but they have told me to put a complain in Mathura. I have further tried to complain at Mathura but they are telling to put a complain at Patna Parcel office. After so many effort I'm unable to locate the exact position of the material. For your information I'm attaching the RR copy along with the current status of material on website. So I request you to kindly look into this matter and do the needful so that the material can be retrieved.   

 I am working as a sub inspector of government railway police in telangana state ❨ mancherial, railway police station❩. I have registered a case against a person under section of ndps act and seized 4kgs of ganja on 2nd august 2017.in this act seizure panchanama should get conducted in presence of a gazetted officer. On that day local gazetted officers were not available at mancherial area. So i opted rly doctor of bellampally named m. Naveen. I have contacted him on phone, he accepted to do panchanama and advised me to send a requisition letter by hand. I have sent a letter by two constables on bike to bellampally which is about 22kms far. But he rejected the letter and used unusual language and replied that he is not willing to do panchanama and challenged me to take any kind of action which will fetch him nothing. I requested him for much time to be a part of controlling drug activities but he did not consider my words. With disappointment my constables returned to police station.Then i have sent a requisition letter to ramagundam rly doctor named deepa, but we faced the same problem. Both doctors didn't even touch my requisition letter, the whole day of my service on a case has been ruined where i have faced troublesome to answer my seniors. And these kind of irresponsive replies are repeatedly happening with the doctors.These doctors area comes under my rly police station jurisdiction that's why i opted them.Sir, we all are working together for our country, we have to bound to law. Without the support of other departments we can't prevent illegal drugs transportation.Sir, please take necessary action on the above two doctors who are not responsive towards govt. Duties.Thanking you.   

 I was travelling in train number 24369 triveni express on 11.08.2017 from shaktinagar to bareilly with pnr number [protected] in ac-2 tier coach and went on my birth number 18 and kept my travel bag under birth number 13 when the train left chopan station. Birth numbers 13 and 15 were vacant up to mirzapur or vindhyachal station and one family occupied the births at mirzapur or vindhyachal station. When i reached my destination rampur and unlocked my travel bag, i found a big cut inside my travel bag and found the sweet box which i had purchased from shaktinagar since i had gone to rampur fixing my daughter's marriage. I also did not find my money amounting rs. 9700/- (19 x 500 + 2 x 100 notes inr). I had seen the coach attendant several times during the night. The theft has occurred between chopan and mirzapur and i suspect that the coach attendant may be involved in the incident.   

 Sir, my name is siva, I BOOKED 4 TICKET OF 3AC BY TRAIN 12727 BY PAYING RS 2360 through credit card FOR 3 AUG 2017 BY PNR NO [protected] FROM visakhapatnam to secunderabad.due to some problems i went to visakhapatnam station for cancellation of two tickets. but in counter they said that due to GST some swiping machines was introduced so cancellation cannot be done here. so they said that ticket was made through CV in secunderabad so it will be cancelled in secunderabad. then i asked how can be it done after complition of travelling, then they said that we will give it i eturn on back of the ticket with stamp by showing it will be done. now secunderabad railway nilayam persons are telling that after travelling it cannot be done, they said tht vizag station persons are bluffed me. now i'm puzzled. how can railway persons can do this type of bluffing to passengers pls consider my complaint and help me.   

 Dear sir, This is very painful & unethical from railways side, kindly note1. Theft of my wife purse from running train, train no-59802,, we was travelling from jaipur to kotal, valuables of nearly 500 rs. And some very imp. Documents like pan card/voters id card got lost along with my mobile phone. Mob. No. Is [protected], i call on this no. Firstly continue ringing but after some time. That no. Call switch off or no reachableKindly help meRegardsAmit mishra[protected]   

 Dear Sir  I booked train journey by Chhattisgarh Express on 7/5/17 for journey from Amritsar to Ballabgarh(BVH) with PNR no. as [protected] and DOJ as 13/7/17 in coach B-1 of train no.18238. This train was notified as cancelled through railway website http://ncr.indianrailways.gov.in/print_section.jsp?lang=0&id;=0, 4, 268&dcd;=1612&ofid;=0 and in national newspapers also . The reason cited was that some interlocking work is going on in faridabad station area When we consulted rly officials about refund they said the refund amount in this case will be automatically transferred to my account which has not taken place so far even after a lapse of twentyfive days After a long and very tiring wait I have been compelled to bring it to your kind notice why the refund of my money has not been made to me and I have been made to suffer for no fault of mine . I am enclosing a copy of list of cancelled trains as displayed on the railway website So I request you to please take immediate action in this regard and make payment to me due to the negligence of a few people. Thanking you 								Date 12/08/17 Yours faithfully NARINDER SINGH Email - nsingh2011@yahoo.in   

 I booked ticket in18567 from rajamandry to chengannor on 9/8/2017 for 7/12/2017.But account debited ticket not issued. Then i again booked the tkt. I made a request to irctcto refund the amt. Of rs 891/80 debited. No response.Again booked tkt from chengannor to rajamandry on 12/8/2017 for 10/12/2017. This time also account debited but tkt not issued. I made a complaint, no responsePl look into the matter   

 Early morning train from Una to New Delhi The Ticket counter told the people that we have no ticket the ticket will be available in the train...but no he lies a great lie once passengers are on board ...The Ticket check and what ever the man called how checks the ticked ask for the ticlet and passengers were like the counter did'nt give one but the Ticket checker said that you have to pay the fine and the fine of the seat for one person in Rs900 ..so indain railways are not that good even the platforms are like #### ...   

 Reference train no:16338, coach a1, travel date 10th august 17, We boarded the train on 10th august 17 from udupi and was horrified to find the condition of the toilets so dirty and imagine we had to travel in the train for the next 33 hrs unable to use the toilets and the fare which we had paid is 3030 per head totally 6060rs. Instead of travelling in such a pathetic condition we could alighted a flight and travelled comfortably. Swach abhyan everything seems to be only in paper and words but the condition of the railcoaches, bedrolls and the toilets are the worst unbeatable, please see to that the railways take up the matter seriously.   

 There are so many peoples in Ranthambore express 12465 traveling without ticket. No TT is coming no policeman is here. So much congestion is here. Reserved ticket persons have to fight for their seats from them. Please sought out this problem immediately. It's a very bad experience. Irctc have to look for this purpose. No room for legs. It's very very irritating to travel with Irctc like this. Nobody can go to washroom in this type of train. Very shameful for you   

 Hi, In hafeezpet railway station (telangana) the parking guys are charging heavy amount. Today I parked my two wheeler from 1.20 PM to 4.20 and parking guy has asked for 40 Rs/- where as in parking receipt 8 Rs for 2 hrs, so total I should not have paid more than 16 /-.I request you to take appropriate action against those who are involved in these forceful day light looting.I am attaching receipt copy which I got from parking guys.ThanksAroop Mahapatro   

 Dear sir/Mam, Mera Naam Aditya kulshreshth hai me bhopal se belong Karta hu, me recently Agra Aya hu job ke lye .Agra aate waqt Mene bhopal junction se 7th August 2017 ko apna luggage book karwaya jiska PRR no hai ([protected]), Train No. 14623 Jo ki muje 8th August 2017 ko Agra cant station per Milan tha ye Mene apne reservation ticket pe book karwaya tha .Per ye Abhi take muje nhi Mila hai aaj 4th day hai Mene Agra cantt station pe courrier office pe bhi baat ki per wo muje taal Dete hai khete hai Kal ana Kal ana .I have do private job in BPO (Intelenet solution Pvt lmt) humble request to you kindly look into this matter and resolve as soon as possible.For your reference attached snap of Builty, Ticket & along with Msg snap of luggage load.My contact number:-[protected], [protected]Permanent Address:-c-13, MIg, ayodhya Nagar bhopal.Current Address:-545, Sector 12 "c" awas Vikas colony, sikandra Agra (Up).   

 I was travellig on 12-08-2017 from etawah to kanpur central via train 12004 in coach C14. Half hour was passed and i was neither given a water bottle or anything to eat. I asked for it twice but still they didnt gave it to me. While making reservation i was asked about type of meal( veg or nonveg). They didnt even seved the refreshng drink. Either stop charging for meals (which is never given) or start giving it to the passengers rather than keeping it for making money out of it.   

 Sir, with due regards i want to draw your attention about railway crossing in bhauntikheda, which is properly manned. Problem is about barrier opening, gatekeeper replied that barrier is operated from panki. So every day betwwen 9am-1600hrs, it takes 1 or 2 hour for barrier opening, one time i saw ambulance standing for 90 mins due to this. And gatekeeper was unable to help. People are fedup with this, as railway is doing brilliant in all areas, please look into the matter, keep in mind problem of patients and daily walker. Thank you!   

 Today i'm travelling by train no.21125 that is indore-bhind intercity express from the source station indore in second ac class which is the higher class in this train.When i entered into toilet after 5 minutes of getting into train the toilets were so dirty than i checked 4 toilets all of them were so dirty that no one can even enter into it.After that the bedding provided to me the blanket was dirty and smelling badly.In place of pillow they give me bedsheets rolled into the pillow cover when i asked to change it the attender told he doesn't have pillow   

 Hello i want to proper service indian railway do you dont know about indian train only you big say on the stage but do and die is different, date 09/08/17 train from indore to jodhpor. My jourany from jaipur to degana, train came to jaipur 6 pm i sat the train and he start than only 30 min has gone after train stoped at near fulara sation the are stay 2 hrs beacuse any other train ingene missing the railway tace and all tains from jaipur to jodhpor are missing and passengers are very sick because the tain route change why are you change the route passnger are very sad and no body working in your rail so i need proper services he was alrady late 1 hrs.   

 Dear sir/madamI regularly use train to reach office. Due to which i prefer mst instead of regular tkt.But i face regular timing problem at h nizamuddin railway station (Tkt booking counter no 5 to 9). They have fixed timing 9am to 5pm for booking mst. Which is very difficult for working people to follow due to the fixed office in and out timingAs for other railway station, they don’t have this kind of time bounding for mst making. So there must some issue with this station staff. Its my humble request to please look into the matter, in order to have happy journey with railway.RegardsManoj kumarMob. No. [protected]   

 I bought a ticket of samta express, train no.12808 (2ac) from bhopal jn. To durg (Cg) vide pnr [protected] for journey date 21st july'2017.The train started late by almost 4 hrs. From h. Nizamuddin. I was tracking its position station by station but it was running behind schedule by almost 5 hrs. However, at bhopal jn. It was shown delayed by only 2 hrs. At approx 16:40 hrs. I cancelled the ticket and got a refund of only & rs.710/- out of rs.1430. Refund rules says that full refund will be given if train is late by more than 3 hrs. At a certain station.in this case also train was delayed by more than 3 hrs. At bhopal jn. Railway can check the records.Under the circumstances i request that full amount should be refunded to me. Thanking you in anticipation.Gn singhBkd-20Sector-9BhilaiCell-[protected]   

 Bpc stn (Sealdah div, er) refused to issue any return ticket on 11/8/17. The staff didn't show any reason and there was no notice issued by the station authority either. But other stations under this division are issuing return tickets. Return tickets are vital for many passengers to save time and last minute rush. Why we are not getting this facility? Does er not believe our time is valuable? Do we need to get in line every time for booking tickets? Kindly do the needful steps to solve the issue.   

 Dear sir, Parcel not receivedI have booked my parcel on 11th apr 2017. Parcel no. Prr#[protected] from railway parcel. It was booked from delhi (Dli) station to jaunpur (Jnu) on train no.15116. But the parcel is not delivered yet 3 month over so i request to kindly take action on high priority so that we can receive my parcel.I already raised complaints on 29th july and received notice no.[protected]. But still then did not give revert.Details:Prr#[protected]Date of booking: 11-apr-2017From station: delhi (Dli)Destination station: jaunpur (Jnu)Status: not receivedTrain no.15116Regards, Ashish kumar guptaPh.[protected]   

 Dear sir, Sub: fir for theft on train no 12488 smianchal expThis is to bring to your kind attention about theft on board train no 12488 train name - simanchl express on journey dated august 11, 2017 i along with one co-passengers pretti kumari were travelling from delhi junction to forbesganj cantonment, having boarded the train no12488 on august 11 2017 during the journey, near station patna, our hand bags (Camel brown and black in color medium size) having the items mentioned below were stolen from ac3 coach no ab1 berth no 9, and 12 (Pnr number [protected]) on august 11 morning 4:00 am when we were sleeping. No any tte is available in the train so i may not fir on tteAlso tte  I request to register this incident and take appropriate steps to recover our stolen hand bags with 5500 rupies, two mobile one mobile is moto e and another one is intex i am attaching the copy of the travel ticket for your reference. Details of item missed Brown bag1)	cash 5500inr2)	2 mobile3)	mobile chargerI kindly request you to look into the matter and take appropriate action on the same.Thanks & regardsVivek kumar[protected]   

 Dear sir, I booked my bike from Vijayawada to katpadi based on my ticket having or number [protected] on Aug 8 the. There is no information regarding the issue of bike whether it is loaded or unloaded. As a normal private employee I don't know how many times we need to rush to the station and checking or there is no updated information on my bike in Internet also   

 Train no 13019, DOJ-09 Aug 17, 3AC class, from howrah to muzaffapur.provided all 4 bed rolls were unsealed, bed sheets, pillow cover, blanckets in dirty condition, bed sheets were not pressed even.when i asked to attendent for complaint register then he replied jise batana h bta do ye raha bed roll ke cover pe no call kr k bata do.i called on that no but no any representative were available to receive my call.it shows dadagiri of indian railway and its staff...   

 @sureshpprabhu Sir mera bhai jharkhand express(train no _12874) se travel kar rha h...Is train ka schedule timing anand vihar se 7:45 pm h. But ye train 00:30 am delay khuli h..Train me koi security Ni h...Mere bhai ka mobile chori ho gya.Waise coach me bahot ke Mobile, kuchh ke pursue, Ik ladki ka mobile hath se chhin kr train slow hone ke karan utar gya.Net se railway ka complaint no 182, 1322, 1512, 1322 se help Lena chaha to kisi ka no Ni lag rha to koi phone hi Ni utha rha h...Sir please do something for passengers security in train.   

 Today night i have visited Bardra terminal for my namnagar exp. train and as i reached early i have decided to seat in upper class waiting area, where numbers of sofa's there. But all sofa set have lots of bedbugs i can not even seat for 5 mints on any sofa. I think There is no pestcontrol since long time and even housekeeping staff haven't clean it. Moreover here there is no attendent to attent any gest. I can say in mumbai this is my pathetic experience after paying lots of money on 3 tier AC but waiting zone are not upto the mark even toilets are not clean in waiting area. PNR:[protected], TRAIN:19061, DOJ:10-08-17, 3A, BDTS-ST, Dep:05:10, KULDEEP SINGH   

 I had booked my luggage at dehradun railwaw station vide journey ticket no[protected]Dehradun - moradabad);[protected] (Moradabad-ara) on[protected] for destination station ara. Lt n0-for luggage booking is 698712 but the same is not tracked and search result showed that this lt luggage not available in database when searched on portal[protected]. On[protected] luggage did not reached at ara railway station. On[protected] i again went to ara railway station luggage office. This time they told that it was since last three years luggage booking to ara railway station was not being carried out as it was stopped by order. They added that you should go ta danapur railway station. I went to danapur railway station. I checked with commercial office there. They informed me that they could not trace the items that day and asked me to come some days later. When i went back to danapur, this time they asked me to go to hazipur rlystn. I gave a written letter at hazipur as to my lost luggage. I am attaching booking receipt of luggage and letter deposited with hazipur rly stn. Along with these i am also sending receipt of two register letter sent to danapur and hazipur rly stn on 29-06-17. I had got phone call from danapur that they had received the letter and they would process but no such call from hazipur rlw station.   

 My name is deepsk sharma i have a scheduled travel on 17/07/017. As my train was late more than 7 hrs. I had decided to cancel my ticket and tried to get refund as the ticket was from counter i have contacted to railway station staff but he did not cancel my ticket even after many request. My ticket pnr no. Is [protected]. Train name is jyg anvt spl. So i would like to request you kindly refund my money and do needful against the ticket counter staff of madhubani station (Mbi).   

 Complaint regarding s. C. Bhattacharya, traveling by 1st ac coach (Hae/ha1) of 12229, bearing pnr number [protected]; from lucknow to new delhi (Ndls) dt: 28/06/17.No western style wc available. Torturous for a senior citizen with knee problems.No water in the toilets or basin, for major part of journey.No complaint book available, when requested.   

 I travelled from raniganj to howrah through hool express (Ticket no[protected]. The train arrived 2 hrs 30 mins left at howrah and so i missed mumbai mail.As i am going with my parents to mumbai for hospitalization reason. I booked ticket on samarsata ([protected]) on the same day.As i missed the train because of late of hool express requesting you to refund my amount.I am attaching the ticket of hool express (Which got delayed) and also the samarasata express (Which i booked because i missed mumbai mail)   

 I booked rail tickets through irctc from rohtak to shri ganga nagar vide pnr [protected] (Train no. 13007) for april 30, 2017 ; and return journey vide pnr [protected] for may 01, 2017 by same train (13008). On april 30, the train no. 13007 was late by more than 8 hrs. I had no option but to cancel my journey. I not only filed tdr vide ref. No. [protected]; i also got cancelled ticket for return journey with refund of rs. 25/- (Out of rs. 150).Under the rules, full amount is refundable if train is late by more than 3 hrs. And passenger had not travelled. But after 3 months, on[protected]. I have received reply/mail that my request for refund has been rejected due to the reason that the passenger had travelled. It is a classic example of loot and exploitation by the railways. The tte on duty has apparently misreported that i had travelled. The official has wrongly reported about my journey particularly, when i had got cancelled my return ticket also. If someone else has been allowed by him to travel, he must be taken to task for apparent corruption on his part.I am entitled for full refund, which may be allowed without delay.   

 The ac of the coach was not working. A complaint was raised on that day as well. I had raised an sms based complaint. Complaint number - s/eo/wat/000175935The ac staff had accepted his mistake, and a memo was also issued against him by the in-charge, in presence of coach attendant. We were promised a refund within 3 working days as well.But, we have still not received any refund.   

 As i was travelling in punjab mail and boarded my train from kotkapura and had to go new delhi. There was a lot of rush in the train and i was travelling with a general ticket but besides getting excessive fare ticket one of the police persons in the train who was not wearing his name plate misbehaved and misconducted with me as well as other passengers also on the issue to get a seat. Moreover he threatened me to throw down my luggage from the train and also said me to get down from the train as it was not possible for me to get down as the train has steamed off from the station. Its my request the persons who r for our safety if they start behaving like this with the passengers what will we do.   

 I am travelling from nellore to bangalore on 7th aug 2017 train no 12835. Normal arrival time was 18:56 at nellore.. But iam asking at enquiry they told that 1: 00 o clock it will come.. After 1: 00 o clock im asking they told that 4: 00 o clock it will came.. First of all railway enquiry people they don't know exact information, how to say to passengers.. Please provide correct information to passengers... If you say first time train was came in 4: 00 o clock.. I cancelled my ticket i will go by bus.. Why im waiting for 9 hours..???   

 I traveled from thiruvalla to chennai on 5th august, 2017 by train no: 12624 in 3 tier a/c coach. (B2, berth 44)I found tiny cockroaches just near the tap of the wash basin near the door! In the evening when i went to use the indian type toilet i found water dripping from the corner of the roof and later in the night it was dripping heavily from the top and also noticed the sheep on the roof was partially displaced and one of the screw was hanging and later in the early morning i noticed water leaked and was on the floor in the passage near the door of the coach and messed up.Unfortunately i forgot to look for the message containing the name and ph. No of the captain.   

 In tapivan exp 17617 from mumbai to nashik the unreserved passengers in reserved compartments have increased to such a extend that at times the daily comutters don't get up easily if you show your reserved ticket. They ask to adjust in the small seat of three. The journey is so short that it's difficult to locate tc and resolve the issue. Stringent action by special squad and fine will improve the situation. Please do the needful so that a meaning is there for reservation or make the whole train general.   

 I bought a journey cum reservation ticket for my family at ajani reservation office from nagpur to ksr banglore. Pnr no.256-2165050. For journey on 8.11.2017. I paid by debit card and was charge d. Rs 6030 for a3 (1adult m sr citizen 1 f sr. Cti and one adult citiizen).On 18.11, 17, i went to ajani r booking offfice and booked my return journey Banglor to nagpr pnr no 485-3984339. I paid by cash rs 4760 by rajdhani expFor the same three people. Iwas shocked to see difference in cost for the  (Rs 1270) i want to know why this has happened? I also want you to return the differance.   

 There is not any toll free number to know the details of train and its timings... And also if we dail railway enquiry number 139 it charges 2 rupees per minute. Many of the middle class people cannot bare such amount of call rate. Even though the persons voice is not audible... Some of the railway applications like (Nets) shows wrong information. So, take action immediately.   

 Dear railway department, My name is bhushan markandeya. I am traveling from aurangabad to nasik with second seating reservation at tapovan express. I am not able to reach at my sit because of so much rush of unreserved passengers in train biggies. Kindly increase no of general bogies and ensure reservation passengers safe journeyRegards, Bhushan markandeya   

 Sir, i travel most of the time in train but one train create huge pain for me or rest of the passengers. The train gonda varanasi intercity every he ran late why the passenger don't understand. Sir do the needful things. There is no water, no proper sanitation. And the railway charge heavy amount but not provided such kind of facility. Please sir do something. Today the train stand on shivpur station near about 45 min. With out any reason. This train runs late every day both up & down. Do some thing or you can cancel the train. For all time.   

 Hello!!! I'm sanjeev agrawal and i am handicapped there are many non disabled people stand in place of disabled either they argue with handicaped. There is no anyone who stand and offer a seats for handicapped... Please kindly considered as soon as possible. Please take appropriate action against these people.Train name-indore jabalpur intercity Departure timing-4.10 am   

 This train, 15070 supposed to reach at 11:30pm to gorakhpur from badshahnagar, is already running 3 hours late. It's 2:15 am and it's stopping multiply at random points near gorakhpur station. People have become restless now in the middle of the night, and one is still not sure if it'll reach the station (Which is only 5 kms away) anytime soon. Shame indian railways! And we can't even have reasons for this!   

 Why train no. 14308 barlly prayag pasanger not Come to station lucknow jn. From alamnagar station since last 2 hrs. Distance only five km. If you have not station for this train please please stop this train. Train arrived alamnagar at 22:15 and till now 11:53 train is not come to station... Plz plz stop this train every time when i was travel from this train... Facing this problem... Plz   

 I was travelling by train no. 12785, on[protected] from kacheguda to bangalore in a2 (Ac 2 tier) & last birth (Birth no 44). My pnr number is [protected]. I had paid rs. 1800/+ for tatkal services.There is an ac motor above this birth which continuously making humming sound (May be 1 k hz frequency). It was unbearable for ears and i just could not sleep for a minute but i got very severe headache after the journey. I sought the assistance of ac mechanic who expressed inability to do anything as this is very common in last birth of all coaches.In fact i deserve refund of ticket for the inconvenience caused to me. Hope my complaint is taken seriously.Regards, R jayaram (65 yrs)Pnr number - [protected]   

 I booked two tickets at dkntv railway station using my debit card but the same Day due to change in plans i cancelled the tickets its been more than 70 days not received the refunds yet. I am mentioning the ticket numbers with tid and mid of my debit card electronic receipt. Please inform me any information on my email saqlain. Shahab@gmail.com.Ticket no. A 64536461, pnr of cacelled ticket [protected], mid of debit card receipt when i booked ticket [protected], tid rj023990Details of another ticket refunded are ticket no. A 64543959, pnr of cancelled ticket [protected]Bnooked these ticket on 25/05/2017 and 10/05/2017 respectively and cancelled the same day. Please look forward to my request   

 Up baruipur local of 20pm displayed departure from 14a station from sealdah station, bit it did not match, and it departed from another plartform. And the worst thing is that there is no such annauncement 20 minutes before the train leaving the station. It's a very casual duty by the othorise personel of this department. For this casualness i have to waste 40minute in the station premesis.   

 Train number 12886 delayed regularly by 1-2 hrs specialty on saturday. I have tweeted several times to railway ministry but no action. My wife and son travels from chandrakona road to santragachi every saturday. She is a school teacher after doing her school after 1.30 hrs she came by bus and after that took my son and come to chandrakona railway station. She needs to wait at least 1 hrs most of saturday. Pathetic thing is no contact no in railway station so that she will ask first and then come to station the live railway running status is also not updated. What's happening to railway dept. Why no action has been taken to those careless people? Why railway minister is not replying my tweet? Why he is not taking action? Why this trail will be called as superfast? Why passengers like my wife and 8 years old has to suffer after full payment? We are really sorry for mr, prabhu. I saw you regularly inaugurated several thing and lot of tweets. For us its of no use instead your trains run on time. I know no answer and no action will be taken for this complain... Rip insian rail   

 Dear sir, Kindly advice on the attached slip. As the parcel was booked on 23rd july 2017 and loaded on train on 2nd of august 2017, but still haven't received at the location where it has to be reached. The details are as below Prr no. [protected]Parcel type. Scooty vehicle motorcycle Boarding station. Jharsuguda - jsgDestination station. Udaipur city - udzKindly advice on the above. Trying to find the same from last 3-4 days but there is no response from any of the regional parcel office.Please help me out for this.Warm regards   

 Dear sir, Date:-4/8/2017 My name is mahavir prasad. I am doing job in ludhiana and daily travel jalandhar to ludiana vise versa. I want to change my seasonal ticket mail to super and already ask to window operator 4 and 5 times. But she is same ticket issued to me again one month. Due to this my daily travel plan effected. And when i am ask her for it. Then she talk with me wrong manner. So kindly look into this matter. And convert my ticket into superfast.RegardsMahavir[protected]Mahavirpra88@gmail.com   

 Sir, I had cancelled my ticket on 13.06.2017, pnr no. [protected] & ticket no. 80221042. I had booked by railway ticket through my credit card and was supposed to get a refund of rs. 1205/- but till date it has not been credited in my credit card account. I am enclosing a photo of the cancelled ticket along with this complaintRequest you to kindly refund my above amt at the earliest.Thanking you, Karan singh[protected]Email - karansjsr@yahoo.com   

 I passenger golf shan-e-punjab travelling from new delhi-amritsr junc. Is having a complaint regarding to the working of a. C in it's a. C coach c1... There is a regular flow of water droplets from the a. C panel.. Inspite of regular complaint no such action has been taken... I would like you to look upon my current situation. I would be highly obliged... Thank you   

 Dear sirWe are currently travelling in train no.22944 from vadodara to pune and my purse containing my mobile oppo and cash mounting to 1500 with my pan card vide no afsps8296m and bcxps1502f got stolen from mumbai kalyan My mobile was of oppo brand f3 model golden colour and mobile no is [protected] and [protected]Please help and contact me [protected] or email ppabunty@gmail.com   

 Dear sir,  I was travelling from sambalpur road to kharagpur on 30/07/2017 on train no 18006. Pnr no [protected]. At around 1:00 am i found my mobile missing. I lodged a complaint of missing at grp kharagpur at 5:30 am morning.The fir no is 0054/17. On 31st evening with the help of mi cloud i got the mobile number of a new sim inserted into my device and also the location. Then using truecaller and facebook i got the name and photo of the person having my device. I rang him and he told he has got my mobile. On the next day morning i informed and submitted all the information i had to the grp kharagpur. How many days the police will take to catch the thief. When everything is clear why dont they catch the thief as soon as possible. I have lost any hope from police. Even i dont know where is the case now. How people without ticket are allowed in the reservation coaches. Police is not doing there work properly.   

 Hi mumbai railway dept.On the above subject line for the railway complaint no. A/wr/bct/000250749. The given feedback is not satisfactory as the advance stage of pregnancy is already cover i. E. From 7th month to 9th month to allowed handicap coach.However, i wanted to suggest that, give permission to pregnant women can allow to travel from her initial stage i. E. From the 1st month to 9th month, because at the initial stage she need to take care. This is mainly i am talking about to western suburban railway line from virar to churchgate and vise versa. While traveling from virar to churchgate it is really impossible to get in ledies coach in between stations i. E. Naigaon, bhayender, mira road while pick hours.I wanted give my own experienced here.I am 3 months pregnant and while traveling from mira road to andheri, i could not able to get in in ledies coach, hence, i got in handicap coach dated 2 august 2017, there are more than 50% crowd are non handicap, i got in and the coach was had very rush, hence i got push by one man, so i told him "pls don't push as i am pregnant".In the same crowd on lady was there and she starting arguing with me, why are you come in this coach?, which month is going on? So i told her 3 month, now she started fighting stating with me. You people are not allow to travel while initial stage, govt can allow you only after 7th months, so i asked her why you are travelling from the coach as your are also not a handicap person, so she told me, "i am off duty otherwise i will let you know who i am and we people are allow to travel any of the coach".Now you tell me is this a really good behavior with pregnant woman and can't you people understand, how can she travel?This is very shameful.Pls do something indian railway for pregnant women.Jai hind   

 Hi all, This is about the train number 12137 punjab mail, i was boarding from dadar station have reservation in s8, but more than hundred local passanger without reservation are not allowing us to catch the train, they were shouting and threaten us that jyda reservation reservation mat kro, and they occupied all the seats and space, even when i asked to tc that why they are staying like statue doing nothing so they were just like dummy doll, indian railways is doing nothing i can't understand this carelessness of the railway, even for the long journey compartment don't have switch's for charging near to seats.   

 Dear sir I have booked one ticket from meerut to kanpur in sangam express on dated 12/7/2017 from irctc site. But due to some reason train was cancelled this was also in news therefore i have confirmed this cancellation from railway inquiry no. They told me that train is cancelled and no need of cancellation of ticket required from irctc your amount will refund automatically in your account. But till now my amount is not refunded in my account  Kindly do the needful.Details are as followsTrain name - sangam expressTrain no-14164Date - 12/07/2017Fare - 815RegardsDayanand tyagi[protected]   

 The suburban train time tables for the chennai - chengalpattu route seems to have drawn up decades ago when there was not much outbound traffic beyond tambaram. Those were the days when the population in the suburbs commuted to the city for work or education. But with burgeoning it companies, industrial parks and engineering colleges in the city'outskirts, a large number of people travel from the city to the suburbs for work or education. But this huge and visible shift in travel patterns seems to have escaped the eyes and senses of the railway authorities in chennai. Most offices, banks, courts, colleges open around 9.30.-10 am. So the peak hours for travel would be between 8 am and 10 am. How does one justify a time table which offers one train from tambaram to cpt at 8.35 am and the next at 9.20 and a third at 9.51 am. The 9.20 train is a 8 coach memu and is invariably late. So it is always packed to the gills..Commuters from the city (Say nungambakkam or mambalam) including working women have to catch a train before 8.00 am if they have to reach work on time.in case they miss the one train even by a few seconds, they have no choice but to reach office or school only by 10.30 - 10.45. Will the railways please wake up and show some sympathy to hapless passengers? If they are unable to run additional trains within the city, they could atleast run shuttle services between tambaram and chengalpattu every 20 minutes between 8 and 10 am. This will greatly relieve passengers of stress and discomfort.For an immediate start, they could replace the antiquated memu with a regular 12 coach unit so that it can carry a few more passengers in relatively better comfort.One does pray this plea will be heard and something will be done about it. A thousand passengers will be grateful.Thank you.   

 I booked a ticket numbered 17274461 from mulund mumbai ticket counter by swiping my debit card. Supporting mr. Modi's cashless transaction. I have cancelled the ticket on 1/05/2017 since then i have not received my refund for the cancelled ticket.I have tried calling to customer executive and their i am hardly able to talk to anyone. They just pick the receiver and keep at one of the end. I just want to ask unless the government executive itself are not going to support mr prime minister's initiative how the hell we citizens will trust you. We are ready to help him but you people are just showing your way of working and what discourages us.And i know i wont get any response from you still i believe as a responsible citizen i need to do this at least.   

 Hand bag stolen in bilaspar - new delhi rajdhani express starting from bilaspur dated 3rd aug. Coach details: ac2 a4 berth 1 and 3. Date of journey: 3rd augStarting from: bilaspurShocking and risky to travel in train: this is shocking as even in ac2 coach is no longer safe. How can someone sneak in at night and no one in staff cared.Item details: small pink back pack with general items and medicines.   

 Pnr [protected]Train no. 22149 /22150I am a senior citizen, i did a booking on 13 th july for a journey on 4th august (20 days before the travel date) for me and my wife. During booking time i request for lower birth, but irctc allotted me 2 upper births On today when i board on the train there were lot of vacant lower births available, I don't understand why irctc not given any priority for advance bookings. This is totally injustice, specially to a senior citizen. There for my request to the authorities to take action against this kind of injustice.Stephenson albert   

 This is to inform you that tt is not checking nor visiting the reservation bogies during travel. Surprised that it is his job on day today work as this is causing lot of problems for reserved customers during travel. The unreserved customers enter the reserved bogies & will creat uncomfortable journey for the reserved customers plz see to that tt does his job or check tickets artleast in reserved bogies.   

 We were 3 ladies + 1yr baby girl, travelling to hosur though Yeshwanthapur-Hosur train on 3rd Aug'17 from Bangalore east around 7:06am to hosur, once we reached hosur, since it was our new route, one of our relative had come to pick us up, but he forgot to take platform ticket. The Railway employee stopped at us and asked for it, once he knew that the person did not have platform ticket, started to show all his men power.. Giving us 3 options1) combine the penalty with other lady who passed on platform instead of road and make as a single complaint2) since we questioned him, for us separate complaint with 270/-3) come to Bangalore police station, and go to court and pay 1000/-After creating a big screen show with us, he took 300/- and gave us slip for 279. Just for 30/- he had to misbehave like this is very shame...Don't know how to communicate with women's, he wants to show that he is a men, doing duty and accepting bribery in a very prestige's way.People like this spoil the respect that is given to railways..behavior   

 Date of the incident:- 22 jul 17.Client number:- [protected], [protected]Description of the incident:- on 22 jul 17, train no.- 22405 (Bpg anvt garib rath) reached patna jn around 3 hour late. My wife (Mrs. Anushka) (Pnr no - [protected]) along with my 4 1/2 year old son had to board on the train at patna jn for anand vihar terminal. She had to board in coach no. G5. She was waiting for the train at platform no. 4 as per the led display, showing the arrangement of the coaches in the train. When the train arrived, the arrangement of coaches was not as per the display. It lead to stampede, there were many passengers to board on. All passengers were running around on the platform to get their berth in respective coach. And the same was for my wife and my kid. She has to rush 5-6 coaches back along with luggage and kid. An irresponsible action by a few particular gov servants of railway created a very untoward situation.in that incident, my wife became too panic and my son sustained a minor injury. She spent a upset night throughout her journey.In this regard, i register a complaint by sms at mob no. [protected] on 22 jul 17 at 2351 hrs. The reference id is[protected]. But as a reply, it was suggested that the complaint does not pertain to south central railway, directing me to send the same to mob no. [protected]. On 23 jul 17 at 0920 hrs, i re-registered the complaint to mobile no. [protected]. And again at the same no. On 24 jul 17 at 1239 hrs. A positive response from indian railways is still awaited. I am sending the snapshot of the messages as proof. Here, i like to ask a question to so called our incredible indian railways. Is it the step to make our nation a superpower. We are always looking for new technologies. What is it's use, even we are not able to properly use the available resources/ technologies. Come on...Desirable resolution:- i want the person responsible for this to be early named out and must be punished. Let me know about the person and the punishment granted. I want redressal of my grievances with a compensation for mental harassment of my wife & my kid.   

 I was travelling on 30/7/17 from jammu to ferozpur from train no 19226 under coach b2 and seat no 48. There was a family along with me in that coach bearing all the seat no's except mine. I have doubt that the family along with me in the coach has mistakenly taken my bagKindly help me in finding the luggage.ThanksAshwani  ([protected])   

 Yesterday[protected] i was travel from mdu to chennai with my family in pandian express pnr no. [protected], s8 - 79, 80 and 76, from starting to till trichy some of them occupied reserved seats in the name of railway employees and given lot of problems to us tte also not questioned even not check their id. Complaint to the captain it was resolved again the same kind of incident one more person who sat above by kid's head when i awaken and asked the same kind of reply, i am an employee. What kind of protection giving to s-class passengers, will you give protection to a/c class only, teach the employees to get seat allocation from local tte though they travel one hour/two/three hours. There is no proper coordination from all train employees and cops, they are supporting those employees only. Felt very bad experience.   

 Sir, i am central government employee. I was working in 16339 (S1, s2, s3 coaches) train as a tte from madurai to nagercoil on 28-07-2017. I put my mobile in charging after kovilpatti in s1 coach, after passing of tirunelveli station i realised that my mobile was robbed by some passenger. He may got down in maniyachi or tirunelveli. Due to continous duty as tte in train i could not able to give complaint directly in station.  I met grp available in nagaercoil staion after coming to my head quarter nagercoil, but they said i need to go tirunelveli and maniyachi to give complaint. I had already given my complaint through online in tamilnadu police website on 29-07-2017, but they disposed my complaint and saying its not comes under their category. Sir, please help me to get my mobile phone back   

 Please note that i was scheduled to travel with pnr 650 4195750. The ticket was wait listed and i continuously checked for the status since 6:00 p. M. Onwards and finally got the status ~8:20 p. M. Only. Since the ticket was in wl and travel for 2 days, i decided to cancel the ticket. Now, prs counter was already closed by then hence, approached current counter at manduadih station. They suggested that this can only be done at the originating station i. E. Mughalsarai and it takes ~2-2.5 hours of travel from varanasi.As per the information online, http://erail.in/Rail/RailwayRefundCharges.aspx, i approached the counter and they informed that it is not accepting. This was at 8:36 a. M.How can a passenger with this approach cancel the ticket for trains in the night (Between 8:00 p. M. To 8:00 a. M.) especially for the originating stations such as mughalsarai which serves mainly passengers from varanasi.Please help with my cancellation and refund of money.   

 My grandmaa was travelling from hanumangarh to jaipur in train number 22982 (Kota ganganagar exp) in a1 coach on 1st august and in the cabin the her mobile was kept in the bedroll but when the attendent came to take the bedrolls, he took the mobile phone.I request u to kindly go through this matter soon before the attendent sell the mobile phone.My contact detail.Email: periwal. Ashu11@gmail.comMobile: [protected]   

 31-07-2017, 3ac, 12782, traveling in rac berth63 boarding gwalior, requested to tt for confirm berth to allot as i'm having 2.5yr old baby, he kindly said after jhansi he ll see, but after crossing jhansi, tt who took charge from jhansi directly refuse to give me berth but i wait till bhopal, meanwhile when i come to know that are few vacant berth in b2coach and around 3:30 after crossing bina i again requested tt pls allot me confirm berth as i am facing difficulties in berth 63 due to side stand fix in that berth and with baby it troubles me, tt again refuses till bhopal he ll not give, i came to know berth 42has vacant as not boarded by bina so i am begging for this berth in b2 coach he directly said b2 rac will get preference in b2, i am continously begging but he denied.. But anyway i managed. But please let me know if my baby got ill while journey due to extremely tiredness who will resonsible for that - one and only that tt…? And if there is a rule to give rac of same coach will get in confirm seat in same coach, if yes what will that person do who is breastfeeding mother with 2.5yr old baby in extremely need of confirm berth so that baby and mother will get rest in long journey and reach destination safely?Kanchan shrivastava Kanchan. Flyhigh@gmail.com   

 Dear sir, This is to bring your kind attention on a kind service provided by railway department. Discipline meaning can not be better learn by anyone other than railway department.I am not surprised, if all of the railway's department's staff would be in the discipline as the train is. By seeing what is written, you would not believe, you presume everything is ok, my staff is of not military disciplined but it is discipline. Then can i ask a question, if your staff is following duties on time, how come train is suffering from the hindrance of getting delay for 12 hours. Would you believe this staff being in discipline.Nobody is cared in this country, unless they face the problem, i would request you to wait on a platform for 12 + hours to board a train, and do let us know how does it feel. But please do the travelling as a common men, where you are given limited food so that you can eat after boarding the train. You got to wait in the waiting room where you got to keep an eye on your cellphone battery and so to your luggage. How would you feel if you are being tortured by railway department like that. I have my mother and father waiting on platform for more than 12 hours, i would not wish if anyone's father have to wait for that long time to board a train, we are in 2017. This brilliant service has to be applauded, my father and mother waiting on gorakhpur station to come to delhi, as the train timing was 7:00 am hence they came on the station at last night to board the train on time. That has also stretched it to above 12 hours. It is well now 20 hours. If you are a human being reading this, you should feel what they are going thorough. My dad got an opportunity to serve railways in his young time. I am glad he is not part of this failure department, for which people run with money in the bag to get a job in railways. Wonderful service, wonderful art by railway.Think before going to office starting your work, how many people daily suffer by your disciplined staff. I see officials roaming from here to there, that may be a part of their job, but roaming at the right place is what they all are missing, i am disappointed if suresh prabhu sir would not have been one of them. Else this would not have been a situation.I am extremely sorry to be very uneducated writing stupidity, but this stupidity is real, as this is happening with my parents.Thank you, Awesome work railway department, You deserve 8th pay commission as a part of incentive for the brilliantly serving, so called new india (2017) by my idol modi jee.   

 Dear sir, My sister (R. Ragini) is traveling with rac ticket in coach s4 berth no. 71 from bdcr (Bhadrachalam road) to sc (Secunderabad) in train no 17025 vide ticket pnr no: [protected] on 31-july-2017. As it is a night journey and my sister is traveling alone and she requested to ttc in beginning of the journey that if any seat get vacant during the journey than please inform her. He told her that all the coaches having rac, so, you will get the berth according to your number. But ttc allotted seat to someone, who was having wait listed ticket booked after me and he given seat to unreserved passengers also. My relatives and friends traveling in the same train had got berths, even their wailting list number is more than my sister ticket. As per ticket number she should get berth first. When she questioned ttc about this he not responded well. So, i requested you to please penalized the ttc for his unhuman behavior. I am ready to come as many times you will. Call me regarding this case. If in future you want to pay some compensation than please deduct that amount from his salary not from government department because government given him the best pay structure to him.Thanking youR. Sateesh kumar[protected]Sateeshrajuri@gmail.com   

 Dear railway board of directors/ ministry of railway. I am always appreciates the growth, developments and daily new achievements by indian railways but… After travelling of your one of the best train called anvt humsafar exp from gorakhpur to anand vihar terminal on dated 30.07.2017 detailed attached for ref. Train get delayed continuously since get start from gkp and there are no any action seen throughout the journey to get recover the delay or not get further delay but as usual it get 4:15 hr delayed from its schedule time of 8:50. The train get delayed 1:35 hr at kanpur central what are the action taken by officer inchage for this train or in route to recover and avoids further delays respectively though out the rout till destination of the train. And what are the action plan to avoid this darkest dot from railways forehead that never run on time. The train fare cost us 50% higher than the regular suf/exp trains. Why we have charge 50% extra if the service is not as per your commitments. And due to this delayed i had missed my a great valuable meeting from my client which can change my carrier. Now who is going to bear this loss of minimum rs 12.00 lac. Requesting you to kindly look into the matter and reimburse my amount of minimum 12 lac.Pnr [protected]Thanks & regardsMd. Imroz   

 I came to bangalore majestic railway station to drop my mother as she was travelling alone.Me and my dad hadn't taken the platform ticket which is wrong i agree.While coming out we were asked about the platform ticket which we didn't have and he said we have to pay fine which we readily agreed.On asking how much he said it is 310 per person which i refused to believe and he started talking brashly and shouting.Others who passed by weren't asked. We got a receipt of excess fare and not the fine receipt.   

 Hi, I have booked and cancelled 3 railway tickets in apr'17 for may'17.But no amount has been refunded till now.I request irctc to take quick action and help me in getting my amount back.Ticket details 1 - pnr : [protected] ; lucknow to jammu ; transaction id : [protected] ; booking amount - rs. 10740.00 ; refund amount to be received : rs. 106202 - pnr : [protected] ; jammu to lucknow ; transaction id : [protected] ; booking amount - rs. 11010.00 ; refund amount refund amount to be received : rs. 106203 - pnr : [protected] ; lucknow to mumbai ; transaction id : [protected] ; booking amount - rs. 4620 ; refund amount refund amount to be received : rs. 4620Request you to please help and get my amount refunded as soon as possible.Sharing cancellation receipts. Pfa.Regards, Rohit mohan vermaMobile - [protected]Email - rohitmohanverma@gmail.com   

 Hi, Sleeper class journey is very uncomfortable with family because of tc. Sleeper journey can easly do without reseveration and this is causing trouble to pre planned reserved ticket public.1. Why without reservation, tc is allowing public even though there is no space, where as ac it is not the case.Pnr:[protected], train:12703, doj:31-07-17, sl, gnt-sc, dep:04:10, Balaji bitra+1, s1 19, s1 21, Fare:830, sc:0.0+pg+ins2. Above are my journey details, my unit contains 13 people where as allowed per unit is 8.The price i paid for this journey, i can surely get comfortable ac private journey... Really disappointed.   

 Dear sir or madam, In ksr bangalore station back gate side there is a ticket counter. I have smart card to take tickets by machine. Since i have travelled more than 4 times in july-2017 month but i am unable to take tickets by machines. Because machines are not working properly. Plz take necessary action regarding this.RegardsUmashankara k nEmail - umashankarakn@gmail.comPh. No.[protected]   

 I have often faced misbehaviour of people of kisan union in nauchandi express train (Saharanpur to allahabad). Today (30.07.2017), i am travelling in the above said train to visit lucknow and unfortunately kisan union people in a large number travelling in the same train. They have acquired whole train, even the reserved coaches including ac coaches, female compartments. They are not afraid of police or anything. They are sitting on other people's seats, even on the seats of ladies, misbehaving with everybody, abusing everybody. All of them are without tickets. Women who are travelling alone like me, are feeling unsafe as they are teasing them, raising up their curtains. I, a common indian girl, a government employee, a taxpayer earnestly request you higher authorities to ensure safety and security of common people from such anti social elements, hooliganism. This type of journey sometimes ends up in to the worst nightmare of some people specially girls. Please do something urgently.   

 Train no. 11010 / sinhagad express.This train pune to mumbai cst, halts at thane station, but this fact has not been incorporated in railway booking computer, hence all passangers have to purchase dadar ticket if they have to go to thane.Hence i request please make necessary changes in the computer program software.Thanking you in advance.   

 Sir i have booked tatkal ticket of pnr number [protected] in the name of v k pandit and narendra kumar of rs 850 from jasidih to bihta but due to huge croud i could not board in train at jasidih railways station no tte and any police was help us.in between my left leg was being damaged I demanding to refound my ticket cost V k pandit [protected]   

 At nasik road station, the contractor is charging excess parking fees. He had deployed goons and thugs who doesnt have uniform or proper id cards for the same. Parking fees prescribed by railways is depicted. However they are charging excessive fees. For 1 hour railways had prescribed fees of rs.5 for a motor bike. However theese goons are demanding rs 10 or even rs 20 for the same. While questioned they charged against me. A rpf officer was witness for the same. They have even not printed rs 5 as parking charges for one hour, even the board depicting the parking fees by railways recommend only rs 5. Still they asked me to pay rs. 20 which i have paid. They were not ready to give receipt also. Hence my humble request is to you is look in to the matter an do the needful.   

 We went bokaro steel city railway staion on[protected] at around 7:55 pm and we were forcefully charged rs 15/- despite we were on exit point of the parking premises after dropping our relative within 2 minutes.Parking personnel have earlier told us that if u pick or drop someone and checkout the parking within 5 minutes after parking then you will not have to pay. However they charged us forcefully and misbehaved and humilliated us. They told us do whatever u can do but we will take money like this only.We even requested them that please see the cctv footage and show us if the duration of entry and exit will be more than 5 days than we will give you rs1000/-.They told us screen is not working and you have to give the charges anyway.They were 5 person and they humilliated us and forced us to pay the charges which was actually not to be charged.This kind of activities should be stopped by taking harsh action on them then only we can expect our beloved nation to get on the top of the world.Corruption and wrong doings of people should be taken seriously and strict action should be taken at every level be it at lower level or higher.Its not the matter of rs 15/- but its the matter of type of people and style of serving at public places... And their tone and behaviour reflected like no one will ever take any action on them ever.Please take action on those people and intimate us.. PleaseNot for the sake of our satisfacton but for our better nation.Abhishek rajDeputy managerSbiMob no -[protected]   

 Sir I am vivek tripathi, i am working in npcil.I have booked train by my relative though irctc (As i have already booked the six tickets of mu quota) for special train the train was late by more than 6 hrs and i have got ticket only in rac class from allahabad to kota train was orignting from patna.After getting familiar with the rules i filled the tdr, now i am informed that the The tdr filed against pnr number [protected] with reason train late more than three hours and passenger not travelled. Has been repudiated by system as per the indian railways refund rules.As per charts i have traveled, i can prove that on that i was in allahabad I have done shoping there and as per the records of my office attendance system i was on leave.I want my case to be reviewed again and the erring tte shall be punished.   

 With due respect we wish to state that we got 3 adult ticket ordinary from chennai central to puttur today (29-07-2017). Ticket from chennai central to puttur was 35 each, for 3 adult total cost is 105. We gave 200 rs but they printed ticket as 75 and collected 175rs as total and given 25rs balance. So kindly request to take action. Thank you   

 Dear sir/ mam,  As i had travelled from pune to varanasi on 27/7/17, in 11037 pune - gkp exp. My seat was in s11. First of all the coach doesnt have the charging points, the food quality is worst, and the most important thing is no security available in the train. The less security the more hawkers and peddlers and beggers has came in the train. This had my first worst experience in the journey from this train. Kindly take some action.   

 SirTrains never run on tym to amritsar Even the shatabdi train to amritsar never com on tymAap bulet train ki baat krte ho jo railgaadi ho usko hi sambhaal loKi bailgaadi hi bana dogeJabse aap aae ho socha tha kuch changes hongeChanges hue magar bad changes hueTrains are getting unhygienic day by dayAap kyu so rahe hoNai kaam hota to resign do or doosre ko aane do   

 Pranam sir  Sorry as i have to say that today's night i'm staying here at saugor station. I have facing a lot of prblm like fresh water, open wash basin tubs, dirty washroom and latterine and a major prblm - they don't open retire rooms for 1st class passengers. No dormetry i have a ticket of sl and i spenting my night on lay down on floor of station... It is not right sir... Solve it sir... Thank you.. Akhilesh sharma   

 I am travelling from ramnad to chennai intrain no.-16102 with pnr no.-44344115467. I want to complaint that gst is not introduced in snack stall in manamadurai junc. I buyed a snack labelled "lays". Its mrp was printed as rs.18. Its outside market rate in mrp is rs.10. I got a reply from the agent that it was instructed to sell the printed mrp, but its actuall rate is rs.10. Why gst is not introduced in railway private snack stall?Please take necessary actions   

 This is to inform you that i had booked my ticket on 21st may 2017, transaction id [protected], pnr no. [protected]. My train was on 29 jun 2017 but unfortunately my train got cancelled. I got automated cancellation sms on 1st july 2017 about the train cancelled. But after that 19 -21 days passed, i have not received my refund back yet. I have tried several times talking to your executives but nothing has happened till now. I am frustrated now.Please refund my money asap. I hope this time i will get my grievance solve and will get my refund soon.   

 At king circle ticket counter one of your staff is refuse me for a concession pass since last 2year i issue same route pass cst to king circle but he given me fullish answer "your college at churchgate how can we issue pass" but actually my college is at between cst and churchgate. So he start aruge with me and abusing me with bad language and refuse me for pass then he told me 'get loss' how can your misbehave like   

 Me & my wife was traveling from hosiarpur to delhi on 23rd july 2017 by train no 14012, seat no s3 10&11. My pnr no.[protected]. When train was about to reach jalandhar city one man theft my wife handbag (Red colour).Documents & thing available in the handbag1) wallet containing cash around rs.20002) gold ornaments - 5 earings, 3 pendents & one chain3) douments - aadhar card, pan card, icici debit card & dl4) sunglass & 2 mobile chargerDate of theft : 23 july 2017Time of theft : 11:30 pm (Approx)Place of theft : jalandhar city railway station.I have lodged an fir at old delhi railway station also.   

 My name is sandip dolas, i cancelled my rail ticket havingPnr no. [protected], Train no 16031, Ticket no. 10160013, Date 22/03/017, Refund amount - 8500, I visited ajani reservation office for 7 to 8 time for the refund but i didnt get it, they give me mail i/d on 3/06/017 posrefund@irctc.co.in.I mailed them. They told me that refund was credited in my account.Booking id - [protected]Date - 23/03/2017Rrn[protected]Last four card digit - 1781.But as per above mentioned the refund is not credited in my account.I am continuously following on mail for this but no reply from mr/mrs shehnaz bano.Sir, Please do the need ful. Near about four moths are pass but not received the money   

 We had booked 46 bags filled with soil for testing in our lab, vide booking receipt no. Is 747323 dt. 26/07/17, we are working for nhai, this material is very important to us, as on basis of soil testing report futher work on national highway can be started. As per information from jammu the material is still not loaded, any further delay will effect us financially. Request you to kindly resolve our issue on an urgent basis.   

 I have traveled in 18474 jodhpur puri express twice and i have never seen such a dirty, filthy train ever. Lots of rats are there in that train and the toilets are never cleaned. When i asked the cleaners about the rats they said that they can't find them. Are u serious... It is your duty to clean the coaches and you are saying that you can't find them. I request the railway ministry to please look after this matter as passengers are not at all comfortable to travel on that train.   

 In sealdah-dankuni section, frequency of local trains is very less during office time in the morning & evening. The trains are running late. Very rush, the situation is very critical, horrible. Space in waiting room in bally halt station is very inadequate. Many passengers use this section. Many local trains in howrah-barddhaman main line are not having stop in bally station. Eastern rail section should look into it.   

 A person on dated 26.07.17 whose mobile no. [protected] called me on my mobile no. [protected], & [protected] that i am bank manager at head office mumbai and your atm card require renewal due to gst bill otherwise your bank account and atm card will be closed. He took my card no, cvv, and otp for verifying the atm card but he withdraws money about 73 ooo rupees from account no. [protected] and my wife account no. [protected] inspite of renewing and verifying my atm debit cards[protected] and [protected] of sbi kapurthala for gst bill. Pl cancel the order of item that he purchased online from a shop. Pl take necessary action against those transaction of account no's from my account.   

 Dear sir/madam, It is very serious matter to serve bed quality of food in rajdhani train for passenger which infected our health. My son voted after having meal of train served by railways in side rajdhani and rest of member complaint loose motion.in fact, this must be consider attempt of murder by serving non hygiene meal to the passenger.We were returning from jammu to delhi on 25th jun 2017 by rajdhani. We requested for doctor to ticket officer to assist us. He told us there is no doctor in the rajdhani train. This is how indian railways prove himself irresponsible for the people health.This is very embarrassing situation for us to face this disaster travelling due to irresponsibility of indian railways. We paid very good amount to travel in the rajdhany train. But serve level in the train is very bed.Railways must pay penalty to passenger who suffer with bed quality food.Thanks to look into the matter and come out with proper answer as this type of news heard from railways very frequent. Indian railways isno more trust transportation partner of the indian people. Regards, Ravinder sharma[protected]Ravinderxp@gmail.comPnr number :[protected]Travelling date:25th jun 2017Train number:12426/jammu tawiNumber of passanger: 6   

 Respected sir I have been travelling in train for years. After the bjp government came it is a great fortunate for indian railways as there are so much improvements.in that aspect i hope my complaint will be solved by this governmentErnad express (Train n. O16606) is delaying and there is no punctuality for this train and suffer due to this as many passengers depend on this as there are no trains in thosd time gaps. Same complint arises for maveli express (Train n. O16629&16630) these are late from the dparture time itself.I hope you understand our problens and soon take an immidiate decision.Thanking you   

 Please refund the payment i made for both the trains. The pnr details are mentioned in my initial email.[protected] and [protected]Booking date - 22.06.2017 and 30.06.2017Date of journey - 30.06.2017Train name - jan shatabdi and shatabdi expressIrctc id - soneeyaaI may have mentioned the reason wrong while filling tdr however my reason for refund is not invalid. The train was supposed to start from howrah however, it never reached howrah and was diverted from another station.   

 I am shiv kumar baranwal from deoria. I was traveling from allahabad to bsb. My phone is lost. The train was durg (15160) And the date of my journey was 26/7/17. Pnr:[protected]. Departed time was 20:25 and seat was a1 18. The mobile was lost between allahabad to katwa. Please its humble request to railways officers to find my samsung j2 black color phone   

 I have lodged railway theft complaint on march 21 2017 from yeswantpur to secunderabad train no. 12736 garibrath theft of rupees three lakhs. Theft of gold of rupees three lakhs of my daughters marriage is unbearable to me.My fir no. Is 178/2017.It is almost five months and i have not recovered my loss. I humbly request to look into the matter to the railway officials. My railway complaint no. Is w/sw/sbc/000206497.   

 I was a passenger traveled by train no.16382 pnr no. [protected] doj 22.07.17. Via trvl to cstm.. Having seat no 49 coach s1. Noticed that lot of passengers from station tiruper to wadi entered in to our reserved compartment and was very inconvenient to us. Since they were supposed to travel in general compartment and no checking whether genuine tickets were used can railways do proper action accordingly.   

 Train running time status scheduled arrival time vs actual arrival times, are not updated with the actual arrival time. For example, today train 12672 (Train started at source on 26th july 2017) actually reached mas station at 6:17 am as it was running late by 1 hour 12 minutes. But when they updated the systems with back dated time and updated the actual arrival time as 5:26 am, just late by 21 minutes. This clearly shows how they were manipulating the data and showing incorrect status updates to their higher management and passengers.   

 My name vikas, my pnr 255-7755831, train no. 12470 cancellation ticket 20-06-2017 refund amount : rs 2250.I check amount not credited in my a/c This refnds electronic.In my statement i check this payment to refund. I think its more time you please check ur side and check my issue strongly. I am attaching my ticket also.My pnr 255-7755831, train no. 12470 cancellation ticket 20-06-2017Refund amount : rs 2250   

 Respected sir.I was travell from gooty to yeswanthpur in train in general compartment box.In traveling the lesbians are entered into train they collect money other wise they left passenger products with them like as mobile phones, computers etc..Due to these people passengers place lot of problem I kindly request you sir please take immidiate action sir.Thanking you sir.   

 Sir/madam, You have close my complaint but i have following point to clear.Your complaint no.: w/nw/ju/[protected] has been attended to and it is now closed.Closure remarks by the respective officer: amount has been refunded as per following details: 1) booking id: [protected] refund amount: 1880.0, bank refund date: 14-jul-2017, rrn:[protected] card digit: 0865. 2) booking id: [protected] refund amount: 280, bank refund date: 14-jul-2017, rrn:[protected] card digit: 0865.As per my account entry amount credited as under:1) booking id: [protected] refund amount: 1880.0, bank refund date: 14-jul-2017, rrn:[protected] card digit: 0865.But amount credited to my account is rs.1870/-. Instead of rs.1880/- 2) booking id: [protected] refund amount: 280, bank refund date: 14-jul-2017, rrn:[protected] card digit: 0865.But amount credited to my account is rs.275/-. Instead of rs.280/- As per cancellation ticket amount must credit to my account. (Rs.1880/- & rs.280/-)Please credit rs.15/- to my account as early as possible.   

 We travelled from tirunelveli to mumbai on 23rd july 2017. We had booked caoch in 3rd ac, b1 seat 9 and 10. The coach was third class and horrible. It did not feel like an ac coach. It felt like second class with ac. There were coakroaches, seats were dirty, windows were foggy all the way. Curtains dirty. Worst experience ever. Please dont waste our hard earned money this way.   

 I was a passenger traveled by train no.12618 pnr no. [protected] doj 16.07.17. Via pnvl to ers.. Having seat no 12 coach s2. To my surprise both the sides of the coach were not having water 24x7 and the toilets were very ugly. Can the authorities make a note of it and take action immediately. Since we are giving much importance to cleanliness but nobody taking care or check.   

 Sir, With due respect in vide of your reply letter the reason or the inconvenience you said was unsatisfactory. As you said in your letter without following display board, i must have halo an enquiry at enquiry office, so let me tell you the real incident i reached station quite corky before the schedule departure of train and had visit to enquiry office for asking about train details, the personnel at enquiry office or counter said train is 5 minutes late regarding platform no he said you must follow display board. As you said in your letter. I did not reached station in time and did not enquired at enquiry office, for your information you must have an eye to “ cctv” footage on that particular day “16/05/2017 whether i reached station in time or not or not enquired at enquiry office; i am sending my photo along with this letter, with “cctv “ footage you can have your answer Another important thing kharagpur railway station is not a small station, it is a biggest junction among all indian railway stations; so it is quite difficult to board the correct train at correct time without announcement or with the help of display board, not only biggest station but also arrangement of platforms like 1 and 3 and 2 and 4 in a different odd and haphazard manner. Let me have an eye to small story you might have watched m. S dhoni biopic movie “m. S dhoni, the untold story “, if you not you must watch it because in that movie the t. T. E m. S dhoni could not attend train in correct time and the railway personnel or heaol of t. T. E it self said in that movie “ the arrangement of platform in kharagpur ne m. S dhoni ka examleli” so if a t. T. E cannot attend a train in correct time how can a common man can. Now coming to your announcement many trains come by and go, i mishit have not put a good ear to announcement because of your railway personnel said to follow display board, and you said due to technical problem the train was not being displayed in display board, the technical problem was yours not mine why should i suffer due to your departmental problem. Let me say one thing, when a common man does not teaches a proper. Ticket does not your departmental person imposes fine or chillan, does he forgives any person without taking fine or chillan not at ll. He / she takes proper fare and proper fine. Like this we the common man had problem your department does not forgive us, like that when your department has problem why should i forgive you. It is simple “tit for tat” your department must also bear the tine and charges as your department takes fine and charges both. Due to your departmental problem i could not reach c. M. Chospital vellore in time to cure my ailing mother, so i visited different hospital.in west bengal which expensed me heavy more than 1 laks 1nrand the result was quite unsatisfactory. I am a common man and poor farmer, it is quite difficult to arrange money and expense it, and all went is vain. So as railway department takes fine due to mistake if common man, the railway department must also pay the similar fine and expenses because of their fault or technical problem. Therefore i hope that you must take this matter seriously and solve the required problem within a stipulated time. I am waiting for your grateful reply.Pnr no-[protected]Train no-2287Consumer complain id-352535  Thanking youYour’s faithfully  Dilip karan Mob - [protected] Email-amlan. Shanku@gmail.com   

 My mother was travelling to delhi from bilaspur in utkal express (18477, pnr - [protected]). Her seat number a1 / 18 and she boarded the train on 25 july.Name of the passenger - meeta royDuring the night in between 3-5 am her handbag was stolen which had money and two phones (Nokia and lenovo handset) and her id. Phone numbers are - [protected], [protected] We have already the police in the train and they checked with the attendants but could not find the phone. Please help and call me if you have any questions.ThanksAnup roy[protected]   

 I have booked 2 tickets on 16.07.2017 and the pnr numbers are [protected], [protected]. Both are confirmed tickets and i'm not able to travel in the trains. The reason is sms for the booking didn't reach me. Usually i would login in our site and confirm the seat numbers. So i didn't care about the sms. But this time on 23.07.2017, from evening 6.30 they have taken the site for maintanence activity and they restored next day morning only. On 23.07.2017, i went to the station and enquired about my tickets in the enquiry section. They told me there is no name in the list. So i do not have any clue about my tickets. So i'm not able to travel in the said two tickets. Now if i cancel the tickets, i will not get any refund. So kindly refund my amount since there is no fault in my side.   

 I had booked a wait listed ticket for 3 july through debit card. It was not confirmed, so it was automatically cancelled, also i am received cancellation and refund message for same. It is about to 22 days, i have not received refund amount. I have lodge several complaints, but no one responding. Complain numbers are 6322032, w/eo/kur/[protected], 6361288. My pnr nu is [protected].My cell no [protected]   

 Today morning i visited ahmedabad railway station. Wherever i saw few black ticket mafiya near by the ticket counter.They offered confirmed reserved ticket and they chareged doubled then the ticket.Even i saw the railway police there i inform them about the black ticket mafiya. But i shocked they did nothing about them. Even counter staff also.   

 Train no 56903 arrive time at 5:10 am but the ticket issued at 5:07 am very late. I was first to take ticket so i got luckily train delayed about 20 mins so all consumers got ticket. If train arrived at 5:10 am means consumers would not get ticket this is the worst service provided... Actually the ticket counter employee had slept upto 5 clock am no one had complained... Thanku   

 Hi everyone, Myself nilanjana banik was travelling today from agartala to silchar;train no 5563 had lost my luggage in silchar staion and in the train. I was in 3ac coach seat no 49, 50, 55 and 56. The bag was medium size of combination of black and red color. If anyone found it pleas contact in [protected] or [protected]. It was having some necessary things.   

 I was travelling to kolkata by ndls hwh expres – 12324 on 16th july 2017 from ‘anand vihar’ station and my black colour hand bag was stolen away in between gaya junction (Gaya) to dhanbad junction (Dhn) and the same had been reported to rpf at asansol junction (Asn).The hand bag was locked with chain. And near about rs.34, 000 was lost along with all “govt id proofs & cheque books & atm & credit cards & nokia phone ”. The same was happened with 3 more co-passengers in the same train. The most shocking story which we noticed that there were no rpf personals in the train and even train superintended was not present in the train on that day. Sir, this is a serious case which higher concerned authorities have to take care of. Now we are afraid to travel in train. Who is responsible for this? Please take some early initiative to resolve the issue.Hope this will be considered seriously Truly yoursSupratik majumdar (Pnr no :- Email id :- supratik786@gmail.com   

 Hello sir, I book one ticket from bbs to hwh and pnr no is [protected].My ticket was having waiting list and when chart got prepared it became rac s12 39.I board the train and immedate met with tt for rac confirmation.So denied it by saying that train is full and after 10 min only in front of me only, he given seat to 2 people and both person had general tickets.Plz look in this matter and resolve it so in future nobody else struggle like me.   

 Dear sir/ma'am, Most respectfully submitted the complainant is a delhi based practising lawyer and currently came to jhusi, allahabad for personal work. The complainant having some grievances regarding e-ticket, registered a complaint against irctc at www.consumercomplaints.in provided with personal mobile no. [protected].Following this the complainant got 4 unknown phone calls personating indian rail staves/staffs (Accused persons). All unknown phone nos. Are given below: (1) [protected] (2) [protected] (3) [protected] (4) [protected]The said accused persons started demanding the complainant's atm card no. To short out railway grievances. Upon this the complainant raised issues regarding their (Accused persons) authenticity. Following this the accused persons disconnected the phone calls and started calling with aforementioned different nos. And started irritating the complainant. Upon this the complainant made another complaint with www.consumercomplaints.in regarding the fake calls, which enraised the accused persons. After that the complainant got so many phone calls from said nos. Threatened to cause grievous hurt with very bad abusive languages. It is humbly requested that the grievances of the complainant should be shorted out and complaint should be registered. Kindly find attached the screen shot of the phone calls detail.Yours sincerelyRahul mauryaAdvocateSupreme court of india and high court of delhi.Chamber no. X-39a, civil wing, tishazari courts, delhi-54Phone number: [protected]   

 Dear sir, i am a resident of bangalore and visit our home town at kottayam, kerala once in 2 or 3 years. Usually we travel by bangalore exp (Train no. 16525). Sir, it is a usual practice of the public to get into the reserved compartments and occupy the seats that we would have booked 4 months back and they do not even move on our repeated requests. Last time i was travelling with my family and my aged parents and we had to stand for several hours till the passengers who had occupied our seats got off the train by around 7 p. M. We do even find a tt to help us. Request you to kindly look into the matter as it has become a tension for us passengers to book a ticket in this train fearing we are not going to get our seats that we had reserved.   

 Dear sir/ma'am, As soon as i registered my complaint to your site one person having mob. No. [protected] contacted me and demanded my atm card no. So that he would refund my cancelled e-ticket (Pnr no.[protected]) amount. On argument said person threatened me for not getting my refund amount back if i don't disclose my atm no. This unfair practice is highly condemned. Kindly take quick action against the person having aforementioned mob. No. [protected].Thank youRahul mauryaAdvocateSupreme court[protected]   

 Dear sir/ma'amMy pnr no. Is [protected]. My train booking status was in waiting list at the time of chart preparation. There was no sms sent by you regarding cancelation of e-ticket. I did not board the train. Ticket has been cancelled but ticket amount has not been refunded. I have complained so many times at your email address, i. E. Care@irctc.co.in and etickets@irctc.co.in but there is no action taken. Kindly refund my ticket amount.Rahul maurya[protected]   

 Dear all (Responsible railway authorities) this is for the information train no. 19578 jamnagar - tirunelveli express. My pnr no. [protected] date of my journey[protected], scheduled departure from madgoan, 23:58. This has really hurt with the facility provided by central government to general public. Before i get to your notice the sate and central ministers have governent vehicles, flight travel who do not care for general public.The situation which i faced is really worst in my life. I had a meeting for which i had booked ticket thinking that i will reach at the prescribed time. But for my fate the train was delayed for 3 hours the train was suppose to reach at 6:20am. But reached at 10:15am the reason behind it is crossing. If crossing means it doesnt mean moving from one side. I would like to inform that our train halted but 4 trains was given the green signal. For name sake it is "express train". The train should be renamed to cycle train. Drivers are illegible and careless with their behaviour. The only solution is make railway privatization only then will have clean and best timely, prompt service. The nda government fails to handle the railway department is the conclusion i can give.Mr. Suresh prabhu - take some action only then i can call you railway minister.   

 My brother and me boarded the train tata kcg exp, train no 07439, on 18-07-17. This was expected to take us till kacheguda railway station at about 5 in the morning on 20-07-17. The train was already late for about 3 hours and we were still on the station named malkajgiri. After waiting for another about one and half hour they announced in telgu that the train cannot go further and the passengers will have to take bus to kacheguda station. Since we didn't understand telgu one of our co-passenger translated to us in hindi. I was literally disappointed by this as we had heavy luggage and we were new to this place. So we had no option but to take either bus or a taxi to my destination. Since we were new to this place we decided to go for uber.in-spite of opting for uberpool i had to pay around 200 rs. This was really disappointing and i expect an explanation along with compensation for my loss.Please reply me as fast as possible.   

 I was travelling in mumbai local.. And when i reached the bandra terminal, one of the tc asked me the ticket and i showed him the monthly pass. After showing this he take me to the station room and said u will have to pay the penalty. When i asked that person that i am having a pass why i should pay the extra amount. He started assaulting me by saying that if i dun pay the amount he will take me to the court directly. His fellow people was also encouraging him. He misbehaved a lot and also bringing a policeman in the picture to showcase his words.Money is not a major part in this but the way he took the advantage of his position was wrong.After asking his name he told me that his name is vivek kumar singh and headquater was in grant road and he was serving a bandra terminal.   

 I have purchased two tickets from reservation counter shahdol for shahdol to bhagalpur on 14 nov.17and return bhagalpur to shahdol on 18 nov.2017 for 5 passengers out of which myself is sr. Citizen. The pnr of onward journey is[protected] paid amount ₹2620/ by credit card, showing distance 1275 km via katni murwara by utkal exp and katni jn to bhagalpur by train no 12336. Pnr of return journey is[protected] paid amount ₹2125/ again by card.in ticket distance shown 990 km. This return journey is bhagalpur to allahabad by brahmaputra mail train no.14055 and allahabad to shahdol by train no 18206.Amount charged at the counter for onward and return journey is having difference of ₹495/ out of which ₹150/ is superfast charge in onward ticket, and net ₹345/ is extra charged to me and that is refundable to me in my card account.This is all about my complaint. My contact detail is as under...Name... Ram naresh gupta, (Banks retd. Officer)Add. Opp. Polytechnic college, pandav nagar, shahdol m. P. 484001Mob. No. [protected]Email. Rg024995@gmail.com   

 I'm a resident of kakkalur and is use putlur station a point for commute. People using this station include (Sipcot employees, pilgrims, students and other common residents) but there is no safe entry point for this station. We have risk by crossing tracks by all means.In addition to this once it dark in the evening it gets crowded by anti social elements for all means. It gets danger in late nights. Please consider commuters request and take necessary actions.   

 Chief Reservation Supervisor (Officer) of Reservation Centre, Jabalpur Junction (WCR) has refused me to issue tickets in student concession quota because of overwriting in my concession form because in the column of age our college's clerk had written our sex then he tried to correct it in his overwriting. I had told to Chief Reservation Supervisor to resolve the problem by verifying our age but he had said a clear cut no to me.   

 Dear sir..This is with regards to two wheeler parking at sanathnagar railways station in hyderabad. Usually at other stations we will have 12 hours and 24 hours parking facility so that the more time we park we will charge lesser amount. But in sanathnagar station they are charging rs10 for 3 hour's. It will be a additional burden for the travellers who are frequently traveller. So my request is to implement 24hrs basis for the convenience of travellers. Thank you.   

 There is only one platform in khurdpur railway station, jalandhar, punjab. Opposite side only railway track is there. No platform is available. If train halt that side, passanger have to face a lot of difficulties to board on train. Sometimes it would be dangerous. Therefore i am requesting to concerned authority to please at list mail train must halt platform n.1   

 Hello sar mera name sumit hai mane 2tekat book krwai thi lekin wo gum ho gai ha or pnr no bhi delet ho gya hai plz help sar gadi hai amar pali exprees date hai 29 julay 2017 time 12;30 gorkh pur to panipat plz sent my pnr no plz plz plz name hai sai sumit my wife name urmila plz sair help kar do mera pnr no sent kar do mera mobile no joragiter hai mane tekat wale ko diya tha wo hai [protected]   

 Pnr:[protected], train:56503, doj:21-07-17, sl, gy-bza, dep:16:00, Janakamma+1, s2 45, s2 46, Fare:550, sc:0.0+pg+insAs we are traveling from gooty to vijayawada the t c had taken the e ticket and harassed for original proof. We had xerox copy of our id card but he is not accepting for that. He said our tickets are cancelled and we should pay the fine. His behavior is too bad on passengers. After long discussion he returned ur ticket. Kindly taken action on t c. Above r the details of our travel.   

 Sr i am traveling in jhelum express 11077 b2 29 is my berth seat my boarding station was gwalior the condition of coach is very bad no attender come to me to give bed sheet pillow and blanket when i approached to attender he is lying on his bed and did not give me any response in my berth there is lot of used bed sheet and no one come to clean the cabin and coach also flies are breeding   

 Sir in train 19031 on today 21 jul 17 while travelling from gnc to dli at s5-54 berth, i (Sk rathi) found that tte mr rl choudhary is letting a local gutkhawala to board the train to sell gutkha in train from jawai bandh station; i complained the same to tte but he become furious at me and told "tum apna kam karo mujhe mera kam mat sikhao" and had gone without expelling that gutkhawala.Later when i was gone to my freind in s-4 to hav a little talk and sit there for a while without dusturbing copassengers, that already furious tte mr rl choudhary came and asked me to leave and go back to my berth. I politely told him that i am going juss after couple of mins, but he shouted on me and pull me along to my berth.I told him that he is misbehaving and going beyond tolerance but he Boasted again that "tere se jo hota hai kar le main rl choudhary hu"Sir it was really embarrasing and beyond tolerance but i didnt do anything but messaging you to please look into the matter and take immediate action against such irresponsible and boasting tte who instead of expelling guthkhawala misbehaved with passengers on complaining about the same sir.With hope you take immediate action sir..- sk rathiS5-5419031 dtd 21 jul 17[protected]   

 Dear sir, I'm facing very horrible situation with ghy tvs expressI was booked e-ticket on 13-jul-2017 from: visakhapatnam (Vskp) to vijayawada jn (Bza) on that day i'm facing very horrible situation as i reserved d1 coach is not available, i have 2 year old kid and my father age is 66 years and my mother 54 years she had a knee pain also we are search for d1 coach from train front to back two to three times but that coach is not available, the train is fully pickup with passengers even reservation compartments also like general compartments, i informed same thing to tc also he told very irresponsible answers in his duties, get in any other reservation compartment or get in any other train with this ticket is that answer is correct???, please remove this type of train in irctc reservation system.I need a specific reasons for d1 coach is not available in my boarding point, who is responsible if any emergency case happen with my family on that situation, my father is hart patient, my mother had a knee pain and i have 2 years old kid we running on platform for searching d1 coach form train front to back two to three times and that tc also giving very irresponsible answers in my boarding point... On that day i have booked tickets to private travels bus and i was traveled in bus...   

 Me divya jha kya hum surakshit he train me bilkul nahi mere sath train me kuch aisa ghatna ghata meri train thi 10/07/2017 train no-19052 train ka naam sharmik express coach s9 birth no-62-64 mujhfferpur se udhna tak me so rahi thi time tha 2:30 am 5 badmas aaya or mera parsh sir k niche se leke bhag gaya jab me uske piche bhagi to ek ko pakad li to wo mujhe marne laga or train k gate k pass le gaya fir bhi me usko nahi chhodi tab public utha to wo log train vacump karke utar gaya mera parsh me jo saman tha ek gold ka earing 50000 ka dusra earing 7000 ka mangtika 20000 ka nak ka nath 10000 ka pair ka payel 7000 ka bache ka gale ka luket 5500 ka mera gale ka luket 7000 ka sab le liya 8000 kase paise husband ka ghadi titan ka vivo ka mobile ek 17000 ka dusra mobile vivo ka 8000 ka jab grp complain kiya to wo bhi time se nahi aaya 28 ghante bad aaya apka grp yahi aap log suraksha train me dete ho mera yahi railway se request he k mere liye kuch kare maine consumer complain kar diya he agar kuch nahi kiya railway to me consumer court jaungi ok mera contact no he [protected]   

 I was travelling in s1 boogie, seat number 21. It was raining heavily and to my surprise, the boogie had water leaking through the top. While boarding train, i realized it was an old boogie with torn seats and no charging point attached to seat. This was not much of an issue but when i was in my seat sleeping, the water droplets fell on me, i got drenched and my phone got damaged, who's gonna bear the losses? Do i book a railway ticket to get drenched like this? If this is such an old boogie, why not replace it? Isnt there any checking performed before attaching a boogie?   

 Respected sirI had confirmed ticket from jhansi to pune an had to travel in urgent mode for getting admission in my college i reached the station early but due to some confusion i went to the wrong platform as soon as i realized this i got to the other platform an told the train gurd to stop the train as the train did not cross the platform but instead of stopping the train he did not listen due to which i had to suffer losses.It's my request to plz recheck with the concerned guard who could have stopped the train but he did not.   

 Myself varsha verma was travelling from hardoi to varanasi in ac 2 tier coach no. Ha-1, seat no. 17 on 18/7/2017 by train kashi vishwanath express (Train no. 14258) & my pnr no. Is [protected]. Coach attendent mr. Teerth raj mob no. [protected] was stolen my mobile and misbehaved with me when i asked a simple question have you seen any stranger person in this coach. Even he was roaming at night when people were sleeping. Kindly take action against this employee.   

 Yesterday i was booking a ticket in train no - 22812. Name - vishal saxena. Mob - 09838422564. While coming to the payment window, the money got deducted from my punjab national bank debit card 2813. It happened twice, a total of 5626 was deducted from my account. And at last the ticket was also not done... It was showing a pop up window showing bank declined payment.   

 I had booked rail ticket pnr no.[protected] swiping the debit as an initiate of cashless transaction for journey on[protected] akola to mumbay tr. No. 12112ticket no. 5553683 amounting to rs. 1065/- and cancelled on[protected] at 21.05 hrs. The station master, akola rly. Stn. Has given ticket deposit receipt no. 488629 against deposition of original rail tickets.Secondly i had booked rail ticket pnr no. [protected] swiping the debit as an initiate of cashless transaction for journey on[protected] mumbay to akola tr. No. 18029 ticket no. 5553684 amounting to rs. 315/- and cancelled on 2-1-2017 at 15.10 hrs. The station master, akola rly. Stn. Has given ticket deposit receipt no. 488576 against deposition of original rail tickets.I have sent both the ticket deposition receipts vide registered post on[protected] to chief commercial manager (Refunds), new administrative building, iind floor, central railway, mumbai - 400 001.Inspite of my repeated reminders i have not received refund amount or reply from chief commercial manager (Refunds), mumbai though a period of five months is elapsed.Now i feel that i should not have supported the initiative of cashless transaction and should have booked the tickets in cash from window so that immediately i would have received the amount.I would request you to kindly help me in getting the refund from the railway authority.Thanking you, Yours faithfully, Gajanan r. KateBehind pragati typing institute, Near old umri naka, umri small, Post jatharpeth, akola, tq. And dist. Akola 444 005.Cell no. [protected]   

 Sir, I traveled in chennai jodhpur sf exp. Train no : 22663 from nellore to ahemdabad as on dt:15.07.2017&16.07.2017. Mr. Gs shukla came for checking at bhusawal station. I shown him my original ticket and id (Pan card and aadhaar card). Mr. Shukla is not accepted that put penalty rs.4070/- (Rupees four thousand and seventy). Am requested so many times mr. Gs shukla told go and compliant to mr. Suresh prabhu. Is it a way to treat passengers? Requesting you to please reimburse the penalty amount and do the needful justice.   

 On 16.07.2017 i was went to delhi jn. (Dli) for see off to my friend by amritsar katihar express 15708 on approx. 14:50 when i reached there was no ticket vending machine only a single window was open and long queue for general tickets due to shortage of time i couldn't take plate formticket, when railway staff detain me i was accepted my guilty and ready for pay the panelity but asked them to show the panelity list for rs.260/- they misbehaved with me and rush me to grp station and forcefully asked me to pay 50/-extra i. E rs.320/- for charges of argument and treat me like a robber, behavior of railway staff atold delhi station with passenger is very bad need to improve thanks sumit kumar   

 Dear sir/ma'am, My goods were being couriered by train from chennai to mumbai. Train no - 11042Departure date - 15/07/2017The railways informed that there has been theft on the train. My goods were worth almost 2 lakh rupees (I have bills) I request railways to probe the matter, or compensate me as it was because of their negligence that the goods were stolen.   

 Dear sir, I have booked a parcel on 5th july 2017. Parcel was dispatched from ujjain (M. P.) and booked for mathura (U. P.). But still parcel is not being traced at mathura station. My ticket no is a943181. Please take action against matter soon because it contains important documents and valuable things.Please look into the matter and ensure earliest delivery of my parcels. Regards Sunita goenkaEmail id - sunita. Goenka01@gmail.com   

 Date of incident - 17.07.2016During my journey from mugalsarai (Mgs) to jodhpur (Ju) on 16.07.2016 via howrah - jodhpur express - 12307, pnr - [protected]. My bag was damaged by rat during the journey. I lost my some precious materials and cloths along with brand new trolly bag.-anything damaged or lost in railway is railways property & railways duties to help me in all sort to realize & after not doing so, anyhow they have to pay me refund.I feel i should go against railways in consumer forum for same.   

 Sir, i had booked two parcels (Refrigerator and washwing machine) from bhubaneswar to samalkota jn on 15 jul 17. Already i got the messages that 02 out of 02 pkgs of prr no.[protected] loaded from bbs in train no.17015 on 16 jul 17. Then i got message 02 out of 02 pkgs of prr no.[protected] unloaded at sc from train no.17015. Now the railway staff of samalkota jn saying me you will suffer and railway is not responsible for it and we dont know when your items will come.   

 1. There are ridiculously lesser number of trains running from lonavla/talegaon to pune or pune to lonavla. 2. No tc at all in the evening trains - 6 pm/ 7 pm starting from pune staion.3. All non first class pass holders get into first class compartments. No tc.4. Ladies first class compartments are so small.This has to be resolved at any cost. Tired of this kind of travelling. Already a written complaint was submitted. But no action.   

 Train 22481 scheduled to depart at 7p. M., departed at 11.15 p. M. On 16th july 2017. Nobody at the platform or station had any information regarding the delay. We tried calling 139 several times but didn't receive any response after punching in all the details. Many foreigners were also traveling and cursing the indian railways. Such unprofessionalism puts our country in bad light. We had an urgent meeting at office in morning that got missed. We couldn't even reach our city. Horrible experience. 6 hours delayed train   

 I'm maria, from colombia and i bought an elephant-shaped porcelain in rajasthan textile development corporation (Pushkar) they said they would send it to colombia and since april 18th it doesn't appear. No one give me solution, it was sent through indian postal office with tracking number cr426296935in and i need you to please help me knowing what happened with it and what i have to do to recuperate the parcel or my money, there is a complaint in the postal office with number 10007612867 but they haven't give me any answer. Thank you.   

 Sir, We were travelling from puri to agra in train utkal express and train no 18477. My pnr no 630-3799665 in that train. I have my child girl of 5yrs of age. Already four tte checked our tickets and he said ok. When we were reached our destination station then a tte came who is seated from jhasi... He stopped us and said that there will be charged a ticket for my child. Noone asked for the ticket before that. Even after that we were ready to give the half ticket but he refused and asked for penalty because we were not ready to pay 200 rs. Without any reason which asked to pay to tte. When we asked for the reason for that 200 rs then he used abusive words towards us and said "tumhari family sath nhi hoti to batata tumhe or ye charge dena pdega tumhe". When i again started the argument then he charged extra fare for my child. My coach no is s11 and seat no rac55, rac55 and rac63. After that argument someone told me that "aesi complaint uske against pehele bhi 2-3 jano ne ki thi or use bahut sunaya bhi tha railway department ne" When i reached and take my luggage out, i directly went to the office of railways, there is someone at designated officer who told me to file thee complaint against him and the action will be taken properly. It is my request that if i am wrong then all ttes who came before he came then they all are also wrong. Or ye possible ho nahi sakta ki sab ek sath galat ho ek hi baat ke liye. So please take necessary actions.   

 On 15th June 2017. taken fine by Cheating in train no 22610 intercity expressTaken extra fare and billed the fine with another train no.16603, . real fraud done by the ttr today.. actualy fine charge was 265. and billed for 390..Bill No. 299937The ttr doesnt had an id card or name frame in his shirt..i confirmed the fine charge from the station and they told me its 265. So please take necessary action against todays ttr of train no 22610 intercity express. then how he charge me in maveli express for the season ticket??Today wen i contacted the station master to inform the issue, he is laughing and not taking the issue seriously. and says that their wont be taking any action, only will just look into it. Please take necessary action against that fraud ttr

Dear sir, This is bring to your kind notice that, i am regular passenger of nagpur rajnandgaon. I found that tte of nagpur to bilaspur and bilaspur nagpur tte collect! 00 rs. From passenger and allow to sit in reserve passengers birth. Rs.100 which they collect they are non receipt and direct loss of railway revenue. No body bother to stop this type of corruption. Tte gaining much more to looting railway. Please arrange a special squad to check and stop these type of corruption. Arrange local train between nagpur to durg in intercity express more than five boogie to be treated as sitting reservation facility of rs.20.00 only. Please look in to it to save railway.   

 My complain as of date is pending home track complaint : reference number : *	w/sc/bza/[protected] please enter the value of one field * name of complainant :	goutam bhattacharya contact number :	[protected] date of incident :	22/4/17 email : gbtunir@gmail.com submitclear reference no	registered date	complaint	sub complaint	status	comments	currently with action w/sc/bza/[protected]	07/09/2017 14:40	refund of tickets	pos refund	pending	designation	department	zone	division	station senior dcm	commercial	sc	bza	print my complain is please do the needful dear sir/madam please find herewith the attachment of cancelled ticket of gudur to santragachi on 22.04.17 pnr no. [protected] it was booked through debit card of syndicate bank on 14.04.17 debit card no. [protected] and cancelled on 22.04.17 at gudur railway counter but stiil date i am not yet received my money and also attaching railway grievance note and they are told that send a mail to andhra bank mail id bank statement attached please help and railway department also given your mail id and ph. No complaint description : dear sir/madam please find herewith the attachment of cancelled ticket of gudur to santragachi on 22.04.17 pnr no. [protected] it was booked through debit card of syndicate bank on 14.04.17 and cancelled on 22.04.17 at gudur railway counter but stiil date i am not yet received my money this is surrprising to me for one refund amount not yet credited in my account by railway department. Our govt. Asking for cash less india. My accounts details goutam bhattacharya syndicate bank, gudur branch, a/c no. [protected], ifsc code no. Synb0003478, debit card no. [protected] my previous complain to railway and your are told that i have to send mail to posrefund@irctc.co.in but they are not response please look in to the matter closing remarks: sir, your grievance for refund case has been examined, this being a pos machine swiping issue, you are requested to contact andhra bank credit card division for refund on phone no:[protected] & 09. Your debit/credit card no. Bank account details may also be mailed to andhra bank on email id:ccdvisa@andhrabank.co.in for process of refund. Since tdr was not issued in this case, ccm/cco/refunds office has no role of process in this case. Andhar bank mail copy dear sir, as per our record there is no refund for card no [protected] is found. But as the image of cancelled ticket provided, the said ticket was cancelled as electronic refund hence, you are request to please contact railways for electronic refund regards, ashish ranjan sr. Manager visa section, credit card division, andhra bank, hyderabad now this time is not clear from your end then i will go for leaglClosing remarks:   

 Pnr.[protected]. Train 12429. I suresh pathak booked window ticket. But on chart my name was printed saurabh. Tte rajesh kumar.in coach b4. Charged pnelty 1250. I asked him complaint book but tte start misguiding n threatning me. I asked many time for complaint he start abusing. I call 100 no. But no response.. All tte and rpf staff not supported. I went to train superintendent. He was not available. Plz help me.. Suresh pathak   

 I jitendra kumar advocate from samastipur, ° i booked tickets for kishanganj from barauni, till then tickets for kishanganj were booked but later the route was changed, due to which i did not make the ticket chart cancel by the ticket, then i canceled the ticket, but later in 195 rupee only rs 75 was returned so i want to complain so that my remaining rupee can come back pnr no [protected] date of traveling is 17.09.17   

 I am nri, recently visited india and now back to us. I want to share my awful experience with one of nr tte. I was travelling on sep 2 through ndls-chd shatabdi (12045) from delhi to ambala. I somehow managed to board train from delhi in time but in hurry did not realized i am sitting in c2-47 instead of c1-47 (My confirmed seat). However, tte jaspreet kaur (Was not able to read name clearly) behavior was very pathetic and caused a lot of embarrassment to me as she started fighting with me on this mistake, i apologized but in vain. Shatabdi being a premium train should have ttes who are more courteous and educated than her. She does not deserve to travel in shatabdi. Her behavior really portray bad image of ir. My pnr no -256-4230039, travel date: sep 2, 2017.   

 My journey agra to vijayawada my gadi number is 16032 my pnr number [protected] coach number s_8 seet number 57 my problem is changing point & fan is not working please solve the problem my contacts number [protected] Mail address vishnugupta251@gmail.comPlease return my moneyWorker is coming but problem is the solved charging point & fan not working again please solved my complaint...   

 Dear sir / madam, I have booked a ticket from chennai egmore (Ms) upto coimbatore junction (Cbe) for the journey dated 23rd sep 2017 by ms ers express (06033). Pnr is [protected].Offlate, i have noticed that the train ms ers express (06033) is delayed by 5 hours 20 minutes (Scheduled start from chennai egmore was 10:40 pm on 8th sep 2017 but actual start was 4:00 am on 9th sep 2017).Current running status of train 06033 is 5 hours 55 minutes delayed as on 10th sep 2017 3 pm.Also i have observed that the train ms ers express (06033) has delayed by 1 hr 55 mins on 16th sep 2017 (Original scheduled start 16 sep 2017 2240 hrs but actual start 17 sep 2017 0035 hrs). Besides the delayed start, the train has reached the destination by 4:03 hrs (Actual arrival 17th sep 2017 1448 hrs but the original expected arrival is 1045 hrs). I was not aware of the delays of train 06033 and have booked the tickets earlier.Could you please tell the reason for such a huge delay at the source station chennai egmore (5 hours 20 mins) and what actions southern railway will take to prevent such huge delays in future?As i mentioned above, i have booked tickets for 23rd sep 2017 in ms ers express (06033), how will railways ensure the departure and arrival of the train will not be delayed?I have paid rs. 390/- per ticket and booked 3 tickets for my family rs. 1170/- for 06033 on 29th sep 2017.in case i cancel this ticket, i will lose 120x3 = rs. 360/- which is a loss for me.Could you please ensure the train will depart from chennai egmore by 2240 hours on 23rd sep 2017 and also reach coimbatore jn by 0650 hrs the next day 24th sep 2017 as per the original schedule?Thanks, Ramesh[protected]Ramesh. Baburao@gmail.com   

 We have booked 4 tickets from mysore to tirupati in train number with pnr number [protected] on 17.9.2017 and our births are s[protected] in our berths lot of other people came and even not allowed to sit in our seats ticket inspector not yet all come to berth for checking. Even though we are reserved tickets we are not allowed to take our seats. Please take proper steps and take action such incidents will not repeat such incidents   

 Horrible experience!!Sir, today i went to escort my old parents travelling by janshatabdi train leaving at 6:10 am. There was no platform information in tv display or audio at 6:00 am. When inquired at the counter they said it will be announced later. We waited finally the train arrival information came along with platform information. We were shocked because it was 4 minutes left and my old parents cannot run up the stairs and reach other platform. We had no time to check any other transport options. With great difficulty when reached the platform. The train was just arriving.in hurry we checked the display for coach position. The display information was not available. We had to ask co-passengers to find the d3 position. Somebody told it is far on front side. I had to literally lift my father and run to the d3 coach and put them in train. We had almost missed the train. I really do not believe it is one of the metro city station. And the situation is shameful. I checked the with other passengers and got to know that it is usual there.  

 With reference to above mentioned subject it is requested that the parking contractor is charging undue parking charges at Rana Pratap Nagar railway station Udaipur. The parking charges fixed for two wheeler is as under ;-0-4 Hrs - Rs 5/-4-12 Hrs - Rs 10/-12-24 Hrs - Rs 20/-After 24 Hrs - Rs30/- or part thereofFor 36 Hrs parking, the charges for two wheeler should have be Rs 20/- + Rs 10/- i.e. Rs 30/-. But the contractor is charging Rs 50/-.Please do needful against parking contractor and Station Master.Copy of Rs 50/- charged by contractor for 36 Hrs parking charges for two wheeler Rj-12 M 5238 is enclosed. Also instruct to refund excess levied amount.   

 Train kalindi express (Cnb-bnw) cancelled, but no prior information of booking person and not arrange alternate train.Please tell me what to do, only single train run between farrukhabad to delhi and my 5 tickets (Between 8sep to 18 oct) booked here, so please tell me alternate option.Atleast informed to ticket booking person about cancellation of train.Such a irresponsible railway in india now.Please take action and register my complaint.   

 Dear sir, There is lot of broker (Dalal), they create lot of problems and fight with other people for standing in queue, whenever i go and seen these broker, they comes daily and taking lot of number for tatkal ticket. This is everyone know include our rpf and railway counter employee. We facing lot of problems please remove them, Location - faridabad reservation counterStation - faridabad (Fdb)Your faithfully Anil kumar   

 I was travelling in train no. 12474 under pnr no. [protected], coach no. A-2, berth no. 11. Under my berth litters were there and there was bad stink. I requested the bed roll provider to call the cleaning staff. He replied that since the cleaning staff are not paid, there is no cleaning staff available.The tte came about 1 hr after the departure of the train from new delhi from where i boarded the train. I told him about my serious objection. I told me that this time he will not be able to help me, but at kota station he would definitely lodge the report and inform the cleaning staff. However, even after kota nobody came to clean. The whole night i could not sleep. I request you to compensate me for the agony from the personal liability of the erring staff particulary tte who did not care to order safai karamchari.RegardsD s saha[protected][protected]   

 Dear All responsible officers of WR, We had booked our tickets thru your mobile app for Kutch express (22955) with PNR no [protected] with online payment Rs. 885/- transaction id [protected], for 03 adult passenger with waiting list. After 2 days it was not conformed so that we had cancelled this tickets thru mobile app. (All related screen shot attached here for your ready reference)We had cancel our tickets as on 07.09.2017 & got the mail from ticketadmin@irctc.co.in that the final amount after deduction charge amount Rs. 705/- will be credited to your account, but till date it will not received by me.I had called to your customer care no.[protected] to Mr Manoj but he told us that systme has down & we can't help you for that.We are requesting you again sir please look after this matter as early as possible & sort out this matter by credit this amount to my account from where I had booked my tickets pleaseRegardsNilesh KachhiaM : [protected]   

 I was made a ticket through irctc on 9th sept'2017 in poorva supper fast trainBut this train has been canceled on that day. So please refund the money.Please find the details:-Pnr:- [protected]Train no :- 12303Passenger name :- md zeyaul haqueDoj:-9th sept'2017Journey :- from asansol to new delhi Regards, Zeyaul haque[protected]   

 We have tried to send one consignment of mattress through railway from kanpur to hyderabad. Staff reached kanpur station (Govindpuri) with consignment. Staff there informed us to contact one mediator (Jagdish bajpai) there. He told us it will take approx 13500/- to book consignment. We handedover consignment and money to him. After 10-15 minutes he came with buily of 19000 something and asking for 7000/- in addtion which he said is for booking clerk. We informed him that this is very costly and we dont want to send the consignment. He said you have to pay 5000 for penalty for canceling consignment and also he refused to give us any receipt. Booking clerk told us no receipt will be issued and if you want go to allahabad.   

 Dear sir, I had booked a ticket for sealdah rajdhani to new delhi for 14-09-17. But i was issued a ticket for hwh-nyd. Kindly check my requisition slip as well. That reads a ticket for sealdah as the boarding station. Assuming i have a ticket for my desired boarding station i boarded the train on 14-09-17. Which later to my despair (When asked by the ttte) realised it to be a wrong ticket. My ticket details are given below... Kindly guide me what and how do i get the refund of the same as i had to issue a new ticket from asansol. Pnr:[protected].Seeking for a positive response from your esteemed end.Thanking you.Regards, Hakikat rai kapoor.   

 Train no 18645 running delay of 3hr 55min not even trying to cover the delay train from strating as i am seeing from rjy unnecessarily stopping delayingAlready i complaint indian railways about this morning they said noted but now also not covering the delay.in secendrabad if i go 21:20 means 4hr 20min last i face problem for transport of high cost etc. Investing $19bn for bullet train project invest for safety and make train in time.   

 Dear Sir On 30 July 8.30 PM 12722 Dakshin Exp i travelled from Delhi to sikandrabad and pantry boy came with bad food and smell was coming from that food. Daal is bad and roti is very poor. I complaint in written to pantry car complaint book and number is 290232 dated 30th July 2017 with signature of manager. I have a copy of the same for your ref. If required I can show you.. I am waiting for your valuable feedback. Regards, R k sharma contact No [protected]   

 Hi, I have a booking in train no 12551on 23rd september my pnr no is [protected] and yesterday i came to know the train is cancelled.in this situation i am unable to get another ticket in any train up to howrah also on that day. Please give a special train or arrange seat for those who have tickets up to west bengal because in that route train is running. Otherwise please let me know what to do in this situation. Till now my amount is not refunded.Please reply me as soon as possible.Thanks, Sovon bhattacharjee[protected]   

 Luggage not received yetHello,  My prr no.[protected] of parcel two wheeler bajaj pulsar 220 hr 21g 3729 have not received yet i have booked it from bct (Mumbai central) to destination rok (Rohtak) jn on dated 10/9/2017. The parcel is loaded on 11/9/2017 in 19023 fzr janta exp p. R. R no. [protected] and it's not unloaded at rohtak junction bcoz of not proper communication of parcel unloading division. This is very bad that customer come to rohtak junction and there is no cooperation of railway staff. Plz give me the details of my parcel and plzz track this prr no. And give me proper detail of it and when it will delivered to me.Thank you.Prince khuranaPrincekhurana28@gmail.com+91 [protected]+91 [protected]   

 This train is the only train to reach at kancheepuram before 10 am. It reaches daily late for which daily official commuters suffering late. The signal management at chengalpattu, palur, walajabad railway stations are very poor. The railway authorities are requested to look into the matter and ensure that this train reaches at kancheepuram in scheduled time.   

 Why this complaint cell is opened. Answer is to save railway. Because this cell is not going to help anyone. Railway is like "ulta chor kotwal ko dante". Why because i cancelled my ticket vide tdr 047233 from narnaul (Nnl). Booking clerk advised me to keep tdr copy for future reference. I did so. But i did not get my refund. I did online complaint twice. Lastly railway did not refunded my money saying that i did not deposited my tdr copy at concrned office. Now find out who is suppose to tell me that tdr copy will be deposited and where will be deposited. I have spent a lot of money in last one year to get my refund. Who will tell me that railway raised two copy of tdr. What is meant of keeping one copy with railway. Why railway took my account number. Railway clerk says keep tdr copy for refund and now refund department telling refusing to refund. Is it not a dadagiri. Wah meri railway "chit bhi teri aur pay bhi teri"   

 I booked ticket in train no.12423 through irctc dated 1st sept, 2017 (Pnr. [protected]). I also booked return ticket on train no. 12424, dated 2nd sept, 2017 ([protected]). The train 12423 was cancelled by railways due to flood situation in bihar, and full refund was provided for this ticket. However, the train 12424 was not cancelled by railways. As i could not perform my travel on 1st sept, i was forced to cancel the return ticket manually for which irctc charged 25% charge. Please note that the return ticket cancellation was not my wilful cancellation. It was the railways problem of cancelling the onward train for which i had to cancel the return ticket manually. So, cancellation charge should not have been taken from me for this ticket too.So, i request you hereby for the needful to refund me the cancellation charge of ticket no. [protected] (Train no. 12424, dated 2nd sept). Else, give me the justification for which i do not deserve it. Please tell me whether i cancelled the return ticket for my mistake/wish/convenience or i cancelled the ticket due to railways related action.Regards, Bikash   

 This is related to train no 74033 (Delhi sarai rohilla to farukhnagar) dmu passenger running between delhi sarai rohilla and farukhnagar and this train has not run in its scheduled time in any single day. The distance between both the stations is only 48 kms and travel time is 1hr 35 minutes but the train departs around 50 minutes late every day from delhi sarai rohilla which is its originating station and accumulates late on the way too. Particularly working ladies and man's face trouble as it is uncertain when it will reach the destination. I am astonished when indian railway knows that the train cannot run in time why they print time table. It is better to discontinue the train between delhi sarai rohilla and farukh nagar as in this section no train runs in time even originating train from delhi sarai rohilla a starts 40-50 minutes and odd late and that too every day. Will the railway ministry will look into the matter and take steps to check the loss of hundreds of man hours, loss of students and employees using this train?   

 I booked the ticket from kalka to shimla and trains was cancelled on 26and 29aug due to issues in panchkula and government refunded only 1 rupee out of 2100 rupees. I will go to media. On 26aug in panchkula their was roits and all the trains from chandigarh railway station, kalka and near by areas has been canceled. My family and i have booked the tickets online and we were in the mood to go and enjoy with the family as i didn't have holiday with them in the past.   

 Local passengers had entered in reservation compartment in telangana exprss on dated 13 sept 2017. Because of them some people feeling uncomfortable even they have done their reservation. Local people had entered after mathura station saying that inercity is cancelled therefore they have entered in this train. I am also travelling from telangana exprss. Pls give some solution to us that how telangana exprss had became local train after mathura junction???   

 Sir,  I'm kalyan bid from kankinara. Last sunday i was go to bishnupriya halt that is near about nabadwip. And monday i was back from there through this station. When i go to the ticket counter for ticket, in that case i have no cash, only coins are available in my pocket. But the person who was sited on the ticket counter, he directly refused to take coins of rs.2. I was helpless in that time, because my daughter was with me she is too tiny. After some time i was beg from this guy that "please give me the ticket by coins". But the ticket seller was beahaved as an businessman. After that i was violently speak him up. But nothing worked. The time was near 7.30 p. M approx. Kankinara is too far from bishnupriya. So, at the last time i picked up the train without ticket with my tiny daughter. And i was so harrased by this immature works of a govt. Employee. And i really think to punnished all of those person who just take there job as an own business. Sir, i really don't know what should i do. But as an indian i want the justice.My ph no: [protected]/[protected]Mail i'd: tanmoyviper@gmail.com   

 I want to lodge a complaint regarding the railway. Let me start with the incident that happened because of the glitch from the railway portal endI booked ticket for bolpur s niketan station for 3 candidates in train (15659) (Kanchanjunga exp) from sealdah station for 31st-aug-2017. I came to know that from the enquiry cell that the train will not be available but still we are getting options to book tickets and moreover we are able to book tickets. And after knowing the incident when we are cancelling the ticket, howcome money is deducted when there is a glitch from portal's end. If the train doesn't have problem with their availability status, then when we are cancelling tickets the whole amount should be refunded. I guess the railway portal should be aware of that. I was refunded with 40 rupees when i cancelled it on 24th and again had to book another ticket for 31st again as i had a university work to do. I need my whole money refunded as it was a problem from the portals end. Please don't misutilise people's money like this. This is the request to the railway board to understand the financial status of all the person and donot take money in this unethical manner.Ps-i want my whole money to be refunded as no information was updated in the portal, instead there was ticket availability status and we could book the ticket. I believe action will be taken against this and improvement should also be done in the portal and i hope this portal is there to help people rather than muting the mouths or just for a showoff that you have a complaint portal   

 Dear sir, i cancelled my ticket from a computerized reservation counter and was told me that refund amount will be credited directly in my account but it has not been made yet. Could you please looking into the matter? Following are the details: pnr. No.[protected]: old ticket no.48289260. Train no.15960. Cancelled date:[protected]. Train name:kamrup express.   

 I have booked a ticket for 10 September 2017 from New Delhi to Vanaras in NDLS DBRT RJDHNI (12436). unfortunately, the train was canceled on that day without any information to the customer. I would like to request to refund the amount of booking. MY PNR No: [protected].I have booked through Paytm .or Please provide me the steps to be taken to get back the amount.   

 Sir,  My name is mayur bondre. On 2/09/2017 i was travelling from nagpur toPune in hatia express (22846), coach s9, seat no, 71. In between kopargaon and ahamadnagar someone snatches my mobile phoneAnd jumped from the running train. I had too tried to catch him butTrain is not so slow that i can jump. So pull the chain and ranTowards the the thief but he escapes. After pulling chain, no one came there to ask nor the police come toCheck who pulls the chain.So i request you to please the help me to find my mobile. I hadPurchased the mobile only three days earlier on 29\08\2017.I had complaint about it on email id of ahamadnagar railway police, but i didnt received any response from them. I am continuously mailing them. But not even single reply was received.Please take some actionThank you   

 Sir,  We are very used to this train because we get our flight from delhi airport in time. But now a days after ambala cantt it reaches ndls in minimum one and half an hour after its eta. For this reason we miss our flight. I don't know why after ambala cantt it become late. Sir it is a serious issue. Plz look after this matter seriously for its immediate redress. Thank you.   

 Can someone from higher authorities please ask mr modi when the local trains will be on time in mumbai.We as a people face so much of rush on daily basis just because trains are delayed.Every single transaction of a common man is tracked but when services like these will be regularised.Modi is planning bullet train with shinzo aabe someone please ask him when the local faculties will be proactive and will be on time.Siddpuraasis@gmail.com   

 Sir,  With due respect i beg to state that i have swiped my debit card at howrah railway reservation booking counter no 8 but transaction was declined but few hour later i have received message that my account was debited of rs 3700. Message from sbi bank attach herewith "thank you for using your sbi debit card 622xx9833 for a purchase worth rs3700.0 on pos 075100000100003 at er - howrah txn# 725305442180".Therefore i like to request if you kindly process to credit rs 3700.00 i will be highly obliged.Thanking youUdayan adhikari.   

 I had parcel my bedding and books in single parcel from gwalior (Mp) indian railway parcel service on 23 aug 2017 with prr no. [protected] (Pwb/sdl-shahdol) for delivering in shahdol (Mp) but till now (11 sep 2017) parcel had not been delivered. And gwalior parcel office sevice persons are not responding to querries, and there is no correct information where is my parcel.. Plz help   

 I was travelling from kanpur to delhi. But due to waiting my pnr no. [protected] not cofirmed. So i meeted to a lady tt via collie. I purchased 3 journal ticket of 480 rupees. And collie has taken 1200 rupees and give me the details of my birth. Train no. 12801 coach no. S 2 birth no. 53, 54, 56. But that lady tt has not given me any cash receipt. Why   

 Sir, My name is vinu prasad. Because of some personal reasons i have visited mumbai for 10 days and on 29th of august i have booked a sleeper ticket from ltt - kcvl train no -22113 for the same day travel with premium tatkal fare - rs:1405 through irctc app and once i reached the station i able to know that the flood in mumbai stopped the movement of all trains. So i waited almost 16 hours and then i cancelled the ticket because the station people not given any proper information as the train will start or not. Then i log in to irctc website and cancelled the ticket and filed the tdr. Then i have booked a fresh ticket for ltt-tvc through current reservation. The other passengers who are booked the ticket from the counter all got the full refund for the same ltt - kcvl train. But my case was different as i booked through the irctc website. So i just follow the procedure and waited for the update from the railway regarding the refund for the ticket. On 5th september i received a mail from irctc showing that i am not eligible for the refund of the ticket. Could you please tell me why it happened as if a counter ticket person is getting full refund of the fare and i booked through the irctc website and i am getting zero refund. Please explain if you can???!!! As paid the dynamic fare of rs 1405 instead of rs 650 for a sleeper ticket. I was waited on the railway station for nearly 20 hours without food and drink and even not have place to sit or sleep as it was so over crowded.My permanent address as followsVinu prasad, tc-72/2308 (1), panickers house, ponnara nagar, muttathara, vallakkadavu po trivandrum -695008. Contact no -[protected]   

 Today i booked two tickets to and from from vadodara to bharuch. My journey hour is only 60 min but train late for 40 to 45 min. I can travel by my car also but when we see if two person travel then it is not good to travel from car. To save environment i used public transport and what i got from indian railways waiting on platform. No sitting arrangements, not a single fan on platform. I am with my 4 year old son. I want to show him that train is also good for travel. But i could not. Now he never want to travel by train. You can understand my feelings. Shameful to indian railways.RegardsAmit patelPnr no. 836 321 6227   

 Dear sir I am rajesh jain i am in kolkata and near by biddhan nagar railway station my complex name is merlin warden lake view I complain against the garbage Sir there are lots of problem in station because there are in front of the stall and back side is lots of garbage (Kura) i think never clean the garbage when the station is build and that problem is facing our complex and there are lots of mosqute, maralia, and lots of dengu you are the honable minister and i request you please look the matter urgently   

 Sir, I had a bulk booking in uchahar express (Train no-14217) dated (25/02/2017) the train was cancelled. L had submitted all the detailsAnd as the amount was more then 10, 000 the money was to be credited in the accounts but it has been 6months and the amount has not been credited. I can send u the detailsPnr:[protected]Pnr:[protected]Pnr:[protected]Pnr:[protected]Pnr:[protected]Pnr:[protected]Pnr:[protected]   

 Dear sir, We are today (08/09/17) traveling through train no 18501 in 2ac seat no 33, 34 and we had requested to the coach attendendent to do temperature settings as per standard set by raiway. But coach attendendent refused our request and argued​ us with misbehaving.Coach tte also communicated him but he became so rigid to change temperature.Request to take the appropriate actions and communicate us so that we can take refund for non ac journey for the particular span.RegardSumeet payak09737040932   

 Train no 03192 arrived at station santragachhi on 22:34 where in irctc and other website shows from 22:03 train departed.Still now (23:11) the train is standing at santragachhi. Train schedule time is 20:40 and rescheduled at 22:00pmIt is very dangerous for passangers who follow online status. Normally website update after occurrnce. But in this case. It is unacceptable.Please talk to concern station master.   

 Dear sir/mamKindly look into the matter that why train 14711 is getting too much late of its scheduled time... I had booked my seat in chair car coach for today... Have to reach to th home in malout asap...I booked my seat from patiala to malout... But because the train is getting late... I think it will not b easy for me to reach at home for latenight... Please improve the running time of all th trains and make sure that they run on their scheduled time so that people cant face any problem and harrasment... In hope of reply,  Regards   

 Good morning, This is from human rights welfare organization. We have received an complaint from a public stating that, the person has traveled in the train kavery express and the train number is said to be 16021 and 16022 and mentioned that, there is a high range of maintenance problem, no clean toilets, safetyness of luggage, rats & insects problem. High chances of peoples getting health issues and diseases also no security for the passengers safety. Please do take the necessary action and resolve the problems for the public.Thanks & regards, Human rights welfare organization.   

 Sir, Im a public, i traveled in kavery express train no : 16021 and 16022, there is no good and clean atmosphere in there. Toilets are not clean, not maintained properly, reserved coach has been used by unreserved peoples, no checking and there is no ttr, there is high problem in luggage security and there is no security people, rats and insects are there and has high possibility of health issues and diseases. Please take a necessary action of the above mentioned complaints and serve the public a good deed. Hoping for the best asap.Thanks, Public.   

 Dear sir, I want to inform you that train no.54417 (Delhi rewari passenger) always arrive delay and sir if train reach till 05:56 to 06:05 at bijwasan station then it stop for crossings of train no.12986 (Delhi-jaipur double daker) if train no 12986 delay 5-6 min then train no. 54417 stop for crossing. This is always ruttion of crossing. Gurgaon railway staff is working very causally. Gurgaon railway staff is very bad staff. Please take immedetally action on it.ThanksDaily passenger   

 Hi, I am here to complain regarding the dynamic fare pricing that was introduced in rajdhani trains. I am a regular traveler in nzm-bangalore rajdhani trains and i have been noticing the fare pricing of the rajdhani train (Train no. 22692). I was trying to book tickets from bhopal to bangalore on train no. 22692. The total fare from bhopal to bangalore was shown as rs. 3175 which included a dynamic fare of rs. 725. The base fare is rs. 1811 which means it is 40% on the base fare. However, the fare from nzm (The source station) to bangalore on the same train 22692 on the same date (1st december 2017) is rs. 2965 which is lower than the fare from bhopal to bangalore. There were more than 300 births available from nzm to bangalore whereas the booking position from bhopal to bangalore was wl2.I understand that the trains have certain number of birth quota from every station with highest quota from the source station. The number of birth quota from bhopal to bangalore is far less than from nzm to bangalore. For e. G. I see that there are only 8 births in the reservation quota from bhopal to bangalore as compared to 311 birth quota from delhi to bangalore for train no. 22692.Due to this, as soon as even 5 births are booked from bhopal, the dynamic fare system kicks in which is added to the base fare. This results in the tickets from bhopal to bangalore more than the fare from delhi to bangalore on the same train at the same time. This is not fare pricing policy and is some form of cheating from railways. I have seen that more than 100 seats from delhi to bangalore remain available many time till the last date of travel whereas the railways is charging excess fare from stations like bhopal and nagpur on the same train at that time. Given this fare pricing system, it is cheaper to book the ticket from delho to bangalore and then change the boarding station to nagpur as compared to booking the ticket directly from nagpur to bangalore in rajdhani trains. This type of dynamic fare system should be relooked at by railways and corrected so that the passengers are not forced to pay more using this pricing strategy.Himanshu agrawal[protected]   

 Owing to private compulsions i cancelled my railway tickets (Pnr 840-8860845) for journey from cstm to howrah, purported to be undertaken on 16.02.17 in proper manner in the office of the acm, ser under chief commercial manager (Refund), ser, kolkata-700001 on 13.01.17 and duly applied for refund of fare in prescribed format on 16.01.17. It needs mention that though i had bought my reservation ticket (Confirmed) bearing no. 06376982 from city booing centre at cornwallis street, kolkata-700004, refund against cancellation was not allowed from the city booking centre ss per extant order. It is unfortunate and pitiable that even after lapse of seven long months, the refund office of the c. C. M, ser has not cared to refund me the admissible fare against cancelled ticket. Time and again i have personally visited the office-in question, called on the dcm (Refund), but to no avail. I mailed to c. C. M, ser and the honourable minister but i i have received no communication from the office in this regard. I am a senior citizen living on my meagre pension. Rs. 5430.00 as is reportedly payable to me is not a small amount to me. I fail to see how can the authorities be so callous, insensitive and indifferent to public grievance. Hope some positive response.   

 1. Pnr no.-[protected] (Train no. 12632/ nellai express)- refund amount - rs.795/-2. Pnr no.[protected] (Train no.16723/anantapuri exp)- refund amount - rs.705/-I cancelled the above mentioned tickets on 21.08.2017 but till now no money has come back in my bank account.All the numbers provided online from irctc is fake and nobody is picking up. Call is not also getting connected.I have written mail in irctc email id but no response is received yet.Kindly do the needful otherwise i have to file a complaint to consumer forum. 

