 Hi, I took train 15203 (Pnr [protected]) on 30st oct from mfp but train was late without reason and bad planning and running by rail staff and reached lucknow around 3 hrs late at 3:59 pm on 31st oct. Due to this i missed my shatabdi 12003 (Pnr [protected]) for gzb at 3:35pm on 31st oct. This happened only due to railway bad planning and delay the train without any reason. So request you to refund the amount of rs3195/- asap.Waiting for quick and positive response. — Thanks n regardsKumar jyotiM: +[protected]E: kumarjyoti2478@gmail.com   
 I booked a ticket from reservation counter on 16 oct 2017 and after chart ticket remain waitlisted. After which i went to surrender the ticket and get my refund but unfortunately standing in queue for half an hour counter went out of service and i have to cancel my ticket online. After that i called customer care where i was informed that refund cab be taken in 3 days. But when i went to reservation counter they refused. I have raised 2 complaint on railway website but with no result. Complaint are closed without appropriate action. Please help me   
 Tdr number:[protected]Pnr : [protected]Tdr filing date: 29-sep-2017 23:28:42 hrsReason for tdr: train late more than three hours and passenger not travelled.Rain no./name: 04405/dbg dli specialDate of journey: 29-sep-2017Boarding: gorakhpur jn (Gkp)I have to file tdr as the train was delayed for more that 13 hours with no surity when it will start. Had filed the tdr but yet not action has been taken for refund   
 My son sandeep agnihotri along with his his wife mamta planed return journey to mumbai after diwali holiday by booking e tickets for the train no 121514 from habibganj on 27th oct. Pnr no : [protected], confirmed seat no a1-4 & a1-6Unfortunately they could not board the train due to the faulty information display system at the habibganj railway station as well as on the train bogie. The detail of the incident is as follows;We reached habibganj station at 17.55 hrs. On time. We sat on the platform no 2 where the train was schedule for departure at 18.20 hrs.•	the bogie of the train on platform no 2 was wrongly displayed agra to habibganj instead of habibganj to ltt.•	there were no announcements made on the platform regarding departure of train. •	the train number 12151 on the platform was not displayed Soon after the departure, when the train moved out of the platform then the display system started displaying the train number 12151 whereas the train had actually left the platform.Due to failure of all the information system they missed the train Since there was no other option left i had to book alternative ticket through agent pnr no [protected] for return journey by pushpak express 12533 with an additional financial burden of rs 8380.   
 सेवा में,  रेल अधिकारी महोदय ट्रैन लेट होने के सम्बन्ध मेंविगत आज दो हफ्ते से गोरखपुर-नवतनवा व गोरखपुर-आनंदनगर-गोंडा लाइन ट्रेनों का साँचल पूरीतरह से चरमरा गई हे, सुबह के समय आज दो हफ्ते से कोई ट्रैन नहीं हे, जिसे दैनिक यात्रियों को बहुत ही परेशानी का सामना करना पेड़ रहा हे, ५५०४३ जो शाम को ६.२५ पर गोरखपुर से चलकर नवतना को जाती हे आज दो हफ्ते से गोरखपुर की लापरवाही के कारन ३-४ घंटे विलम्ब से नवतनवा जाती हे, सुबह में यही ट्रैन ५५०४४ बनकर ६.१५ पर नवतनवा स चलके गोरखपुर ९.१५ तक पहुँचती हे.लेकिन गोरखपुर की लापरवाही क कारन ५५०४३ गोरखपुर आने वावजूद घंटो गोरखपुर खड़ी रहती हे, शाम को लेट होने क नाते यह ट्रैन सुबह भी लेट रहती ह, यही हाल इस रुट की हर ट्रेनों का है, ७५००२-७५००३-७५००४-७५००५ डेमू ट्रैन भी आज दो हफ्ते से ८ स ९ जानते की देरी स चल रही हे सुबह के समय ५५०४४ और ७५००२ यही दो ट्रैन सहारा हे दैनिक यात्रियों की, लेकिन आज दो हफ्ते से ये दोनों ट्रैन ४से८ घंटे विलम्ब से चल रही हे, मासिक सीजन टिकट बनवा के हम लोग अब ठगा सा महसूस क्र रहे हे.आप से निवेदन हे की इस रुट की स्थिति का सुधार करने की कृपा करियेया इस रुट पर ट्रेनों का संचालन ही बंद कर दीजिये, तो हम लोगो को संतोष होगा की ट्रैन चलती ही नहीं इस रुट पर,  दैनिक यात्री  सर्वेश मिश्रा   
 Our parents had a journey from ndls to hw via 04416 train, which was supposed to be reach hw at 13:00 hrs but was late for more then 2.5 hrs with no reason.The condition for the old people is more worst as the return journey was on same date.So they boarded the train on 30th oct on same train 04415 from hw to ndls, but the train is again late by around 5 hours.So need to know what is the compensation mechanism if the train late by more then expected time and due to that the inconvenience caused by lot many passengers.   
 I boarded the train from madhupur junction with unreserved super fast ticket to kolkata. After boarding i asked t. T to allot a berth in ac or in sleeper as because it's 5 hrs journey and he replied that he will off course provide me berth in ac but i have to pay rs. 500 to him otherwise he can't.Now my question is that why should a passenger will pay more than the ticket amount to anyone if there is vacant seats in compartments. The person who next boarded the train was provided seat in ac because he paid to the amount to t. T. I request to honable railway minister to take strict action against the person who is asking for bribe from passengersThanking you, Piyush kothari   
 Garib rath pnr no [protected] and train no 22409. It is so disgusting that the above train is so late. The train was suppose to reach at mughal sarai junction on 11.07 pm which reached nxt day at 3.15 am. It was about to rch anand vihar terminus at morning 11.50 am but till it has not rchd ghaziabad.Now it is shown on m-indicator that sit will reach ghaziabad at 8.00 pm while at anand vihar terminus at 8.30 pm. If the train is running by this speed then it is impossible that it will reach by 8.30 pm also.What if people have booked another routes further to anand vihar terminus? How they will reach on time? Why railway doesnot take care of these things? Why railway do not think about the passengers who are travelling such long distances? It is that we have to waste hours in train rather than doing important things.Completely disgusting this service is.Swagata bagulBagulswagata@yahoo.com   
 Dear sir/madam, I had booked two ticket in 3rd ac and on the day of journey i got confirmed one berth (B2-52 and another one become as wl - 2).After start the train from asansol, i talked to tte and requested him that if you will get any chance to confirm my berth kindly confirm my berth.I am really very sorry to say that reach upto lucknow no buddy ask to me to confirm my berth.I had observe that who have wl 17 or 25 those passenger berth get confirmed.It's my humble request that seats allotment process should be as per priority / sequentially of wl.Please look into this matter and do the needful for same.Thanks in advance.Regards, Jai prakash prasad.   
 My complaint is regarding to train no 14681Everyday train schedule is going to revised & delayedIf department can't focus & maintain schedule then close this train30 oct - reschedule 16:45 (Actual will be change)29 oct - actual delay by 8 hr 15 min28 oct - actual delay by 5 hr 05 min27 oct - actual delay by 1 hr 45 min26 oct - actual delay by 2 hr 35 minEvery passenger facing problem now days, most of reservation cancelTrain coach is empty due to train not running by actual scheduleMy suggestion is if department cant manage schedule on daily basis then no need to run this train.   
 Sir in the surrounding of purna jn. Railway station there is a new steel pipe fence are build/create. At the time of entry and exit people have facing problems for entry and exit. There is small space for exit and in the space of exit there a drainage hole on these drainage contain small around pipes. It creates difficulty to pass away it. Some time many people collapse on that exit. Please solve the problem.   
 I am traveling from udgir to aurangabad by aurangabad passengers train (57549), i have booked a seat of seat no 68 in s1.The tc of train taking money from passengers and allowing them to seat on my seat, when i was spoken against this to tc then they told me don't sleep on seat, travel by seating and let the other passengers also seat. When tc changed then that tc also did same, taking money from passenger without giving any tickets and seating them in reservations seat.Near about all the reservation seat were seated by general class passengers.Wery poore service fron scr.Take strong action against this.Avinash chandore   
 14321 train is always late. We don't know about how it's always 6 to 7 hrs late. If this train late any reasons please change the time of this train from beraly because in this train many kind of people's travellers they could not know the train is late so the are coming on the stations on time of the train. But they will reached on station train is late. At this time they are not able to go back home so they are stay at the stations.in this time on the stations unwanted is full of crowd. If stations is full of people many unwanted people make some unwanted work. Like thift, wigh girl's unwanted things.So i am suggested please change the time of this train or please make this train on time.Thanks Pawan Pnr number - [protected]   
 Dear sir.We travelled on 28 th oct from agra to sevagram in kerala express.On 28th october we purchased 9 packed food from bhopal railway station at 10.30pm. I dont remember name of store but it is written in italics and starts with "a".Food given was rotten. We expect railways to keep a watch on the main stores distributing food at railway station. Periodic and random check will be well appreciated.   
 I was traveling on date 27/10/2017 train no11463, 3a, b-3/13, pnr no-[protected]. There were a horrific scene got to know inside coach. So many cockroaches moving around in the coach. Cockroaches were able to see everywhere ones it was on my daughter's body. A lady copassenger who was travelling with her 3yrs old daughter suffering whole night that a cockroach went and bite inside her daughter's ear. Govt authorised dr called up on a station but he charged. The whole incedent shows the irresponsible behaviour of railway management.In a reservation form there is coloum of insurance.. So what kind of insurance, security and hygiene are providing here.. I m claiming to railways for my total money refund for such a traffic jurney and request to take right step against such issues so that no one else will be suffer.   
 Train number 14615, 3 tier ac b2 coach attendant was so busy in sleeping that he doesn't even opened the door of the coach at our boarding station. He did not even provide the bed sheets or whatever services they had to do, we had to go and call him for the services. If their work is for sleeping so he is the perfect man railways have recruited. Thank you.   
 I don't understand the concept of rac tickets? Why do indian railway keeps rac seats? Even after paying the ticket fare we have to share the seats. This is pathetic, i think this rac concept should be stopped. If there is 1 seat and 2 people in waiting either you people charge half amount of the ticket fare or else just give the seat to single passanger.   
 I complain to a tte at enquiry counter regarding cleaning of first class waiting hall. He announced the on duty cleaning staff report to first class waiting hall but no one came. This is very bad towards indian railway that this is the situation of first class. You think off what are the situation of other class. Kindly made proper arrangementss for this.   
 Sir,  I have booked my vehicle from amritsar to lucknow with indian railways on 25 th october 2017, i took general ticket for its speedy delivery but till now i have not received the same. My vehicle no is pb02de4310. The railway receipt nos is 722736. Further details are enclosed within. Its my request please look forward to my complain and solve it as soon as possible.   
 Incident date - 14th oct 2017Pnr number : [protected]Description: Train was delayed by more than 12 hours so cancelled the ticket before the original time of the train but no refund for the same is arranged. My journey was from gurgaon to jaipur which is of around 5-6 hours and the train which was scheduled for 5 am was already delayed by 12 hours, so cancelled the ticket around 2.30 am in the morning. Refund is refused as they say it should be with 4 hours of the train timing. The amount is more than 1k so i want a refund for the same   
 Pnr no. 816100079. I booked ticket in mumbai-howrah duranto for journey dated 29-08-2017. Due to derailment on the track the train was rescheduled 10.30 hrs. Late. I filed tdr no. 100000180660512 and applied for refund. No response. Then i filed a complaint with e-tickets as advised by irctc. The complaint was registered as irctc # 6763332. But even after three reminders and lapse of about two months there is no refund.Mahendra prasad   
 I am traveling in pushpak lko to mumbai pnr no - [protected], pantry car seller selling 7 rupees in 10 rupees. Tea is just for name it’s boiled water of tea colour. It’s so shameful that they are charging high price from the travellers then also not providing good product. Railway will never improve if no action will taken against such fraud. It’s not only with tea, they are selling each and everything worst and at high price, innocent travellers are getting cheated everyday   
 Dear sirI am ajay kumar coming from new delhi to bangalore i was sleeping in the train no.12628, karnataka express bogi no. S5. Seat no.55 (Pnr no.[protected]) early morning around 03:15 am station gulburga or wadi junction suddenly i wake up 03:40 am i am checking mobile in my bag it is not there i thought some one wondering there in the train. After i contacted to crpf persons i told to them they noted my name and my mobile number.They told please complaint your last station sbc bangalore but they are not responded.Please kindly log my complaint and do the needfulMobile make : redmi-4a dual simMob: [protected]Mob: [protected]Thanks & regardsAjay kumarMob:[protected]   
 This is to state that refund for a ticket cancelled since a long time period is pending with the *pnr number - [protected]* This ticket was cancelled on august 4th nd i was assured of getting my refund back in 3-4 days.. The railway customer care number is never available. No one attends to the call.Kindly look into it and refund the amount as soon as possible   
 Dear sir the train who comes from bhiwani to rewari at morning 6:40 am at bhiwani always late it's reaching time.in this train most of passengers are govt. And pvt workers they're never reached at there duty timing in between stations it's chain also pulled these activities are doing by the bad guys who traveling in this train daily the station master and the force never take any action in them. Plz sir solve this problem i m also a pvt employee train no is 54787   
 Ticket details Pnr:[protected], train:82907, doj:26-10-17, 2a, bct-ljn, dep:19:45, Rupendra+1, a1 31, a1 33, Fare:8670, sc:0.0+pg+insThis is the fare i am paying (This price is not of tatkal, this is of general booking) and train is getting stopped at every stating and at the outskirts for hell lot of time. If you are paying a price similar to that of flight you expect the train to atleast reach destination on time. Request you to atleast make sure that after paying this much amount, people reach their destination on time   
 Dear railway team, From past 10 years iam monitoring the trains between nandyal to guntur line are running 1 hour average delay and people are suffering a lot and they don't know whom to complaint properly, so please look into the issue, now we are in 21 century so expecting you will resolve this delay issue, time is money.Train nun - 57325, 56502   
 We are a regular passenger from chalakkudy to thrissur railway station. Train number 16792 palaruvi expresses does not stop at chalakkudy station which is a hub for as much as 3 lakhs of population. This train even stop at local stations between ernakulam to kottayam, in this regard i urge you to provide atleast 1 minute stop at chalakkudy station. So that hundreds of passengers and railways get benefited daily. Kindly look into the matter   
 02/10/2017 ; pnr no. [protected] ; train no. 12030, asr to ndls.I was accompanied by a senior citizen with confirmed return ticket between amritsar and ndls but when the train chart was put up at asr we were put on wl.Further, on approaching the reservation staff at ndls for refund it was denied on the ground it should've been applied at the origin stn and not at the arriving station. Thus we never got what we paid for (Rs,. 2030/-) and were denied reimbursement of fare paid on swarna shatabdi   
 TDR filled detail:-PNR NO. [protected], Transaction I.D: [protected], Train No. 03428, Date of Journey:- 17.10.2017 Cancellation I.D: [protected], TDR filling Date:- 18.10.2017 (12.27 P.M) Train was late more than 20 hours.Dear Sir, This is to inform you that I, Prasun Kumar Kumar Rao want to travel by Train against PNR. No.[protected] with my family & children-(Son- Pratik Kumar Rao (age-09 years), Daughter- Avni (age- 01 Year)), But your train is late again & again (more than three hours to twenty hours….). Kindly note that my son was suffered from Dengue as medical Treatment is attached. Also, I had waited full night for travel by Train in Haridwar Station on 17.10.2017 which, I was tire of care for my son/daughter and my family’s is not in good condition/health. Which, I could not travelled by Train. Further, in the time I have not internet connection. Still, I had TDR filled on 18.10.2017 (12.27 P.M) for cancellation ticket/ refund the money. Kindly note that my TDR filled late is only- twelve minutes.So, you are requested to kindly provide me my Ticket money.Regards, Prasun Kumar Rao[protected]   
 I had booked my hero mastro edge scooty from mariani to gwalior via kanpur central on 08/10/2017 in brahmaputra exp (14055).But still 26/10/2017 i couldn't get. After enquiry i come to know that my scooty was reached at old delhi rly station till date.Why it is not sent to gwalior jn station i don't know?Waiting for your kind response...Your sincerelyJogen mahattaScooty no as 03 t9249Builty no [protected]18aaagm0289c121Mob no [protected]Mail i'd:- jogenmahatta@gmail.com   
 My complaint is not against any individual, but the system. Today i booked three sleeper class tickets for journey from bangalore to chennai and return. At the time of booking there were sufficient berths (More than 150 berths) available but no lower berths were allotted to me aged 68 years (I opted sr. Citizen) and for my wife on both the directions. It is surprising that from time to time the ministry is assuring that ladies and senior citizen only lower berths will be allotted.  Pnr nos [protected] - s 12 berths 3, 6 & 8 -  Train no. 12658 doj : 30.11.2017 Pnr no. [protected] s 10 berths 25, 26 & 32  Train no. 16021 doj 01.12.2017I have already twitted this to railway minister also for his information. This is very peculiar and un understandable. Please look into it.   
 Dear sir / madam, I filled tdr Reason for tdr: train late more than three hours and passenger not travelled.Tdr filing date: 28-aug-2017 10:26:36 hrsDate of journey: 28-aug-2017 train no./name: 01438/swv pune splTrain timing - 7.50 am cancellation id: [protected]Registration no:[protected]Tdr zone: central railway (Cr)From: sindhudurg (Sndd)	to: panvel (Pnvl)	boarding: sindhudurg (Sndd)Actual train timing is 7.45 am but train come on sindhudurg station is on after 1 pm so this is valid case of more then 3 hrs late and i 1st mail to irctc at 9.10 am to cancelled my train because of train delay and filled tdr on 10.26.36 hrs.So i am clear from my side also i send live status screenshot to irctc also but now my tdr is refused to wrong reason so please i request you to refund my money.Manoj chavan[protected]   
 Non payment of difference of dcrg, commutation, le and ppo revise due to revision of 7th pay commission wef[protected] to[protected].  From :- ramesh chand s/o rattan chand ex - p. Way mate gang no 4ng /nurpur road (H. P) address :- village kutlahar. Post office talara. Tehsil nurpur district kangra (H. P) under aden/plmx division firozpur contact no [protected] date of retirement[protected] pf no 00047167   
 Recently on 10/10/2017, in the morning, i went on a tour to delhi during puja vacatiion. At new delhi station i went to the toillet (Pahargang side). The guard demanded me rs.10/- for urinal but in the notice board displayed above showing different rates as rs.1/-, rs.2/-, rs.3/- urinal, toilet, bath etc. And rs.10/- for using cloak room. When i objected the guard abused me with slang language, threatened me saying "yahan se hat jao, yada bokwas mat karo, orna tumhara bura haal ho jayega". I stunned seeing this behabiour by such a guard who is collecting excessive money from innocent passengers by force. The railway authority should take care of the passengers and help them save from exploiting by these hooligans at government premises. Its railway authority's duty to look after this matter.   
 Thank good items supplied in railway stations and in compartments are substand and in digestible even though rate are abnormal. The applies even for irctc food plazas. The railway authorities must have proper mission to look after this. I suggest to provide more fruit stalls with fresh seasonal fruits locally available to protect the wealth and health of passengersGv ramalingeswara rao[protected]   
 I am akash from amritsar. Following are the details pls send my amount in my account...Pnr -[protected]Cancellation id-[protected]Refund amount-390.00Date of cancellation-14oct2017Cancellation status - cancelledAsr hwh mail (13006)Journey-asr to rmuSir refund amount is not creditted in my account. Pls send my amount in my account as soon as possible...Date of journey-02dec2017   
 Had to travel from villupuram to tambaram with my wife and my kid on 25 october 2017. I had also booked a flight on the same day from chennai to mumbai departure at 5.20 a. M. The train which was about to arrive villupuram at 00:55 a. M arrived at 1.30 a. M and departed at 2.02 a. M because of which i reached tambaram at 4.15 a. M with 1 hour and 25 minutes delay. Due to this delay i missed my scheduled flight and had to book for another flight with additional cost. Please take necessary action and refund the money which i spent additionally for flight booking.   
 I have lost my 2 mobiles from grand trunk express 12615 in between faridabad and hazrat nizamuddin station today morning. There was no grp police staff nor train superintendent or tte in the whole sleeper coach. I asked help from tte in ac coach but he denied to help and said contact sleeper coach tte. I have a reservation in s4 coach birth number 62. I need your help so that i will get compensation of my lost mobiles because it is the responsibility of railway to ensure the security of passengers goods. If i didn't get proper help and compensation from indian railway then i may also move towards court for justice.I already lodge complain to grp and filed fir but didn't get my phone yet so please don't suggest me for that again in comments or closing remarks because i am complaining the second time. If you are still not providing the justified help i will go to ministry and higher authorities. Sleeper coach is for sleeping during the night not for guarding mobile phone which is kept inside a bag. The incident took place between 1:00 am to 4:50 am. I have also clear doubts on my fellow passenger who has seat number 32 in my coach in the same train and he comes to near my birth during night because train has vaccant seats.   
 I have noticed personally as well as rumoured amount the train users between tvc and ncj. Despite the type of train it is observed commonly in morning the train running from tvc to ncj is given priority over ncj to tvc and vice versa in evening creating inconvenience to the people travelling from ncj to tvc.Also the trivandrum section is not managing the trains effectively and efficiently. It is rumoured tvm is showing partiality for years.The current delay in the 16649 train is adding more inconvenience. It is getting delayed by almost more than 4 yrs, this make a gap of more than 3.5 hrs. After 6:00 the next train is at 8:30, this is the current situation of commuters from ngl.I request the concern person to look into and take action to make the commuters comfortable.   
 Dear sir, I have bookef 2nd ac ticket and was confirmed but the day of travelling, no 2nd ac coach was attached with the train. I was askef to travel in 3rd ac where as i have paid 2nd ac fair. Tdr filed was rejected stating non receipt of tt certificate. I attached the same in email and send to care@irctc.co.in and received tocken no irctc #6920893. Several mail sent after this but no responce from irctc. Every time new tocken number auto generated but no responce. No option available to re fill tdr again. Its a cheating i can say as all these are done intentionslly to make money. No care to the passenger travelling in rail.Best regardsSaroj prasad   
 We were travelling by train no 12839 from howrah to chennai by sleeper coach s5 which left kolkata by middle of night at 12. Already 4 of us were tired and trying to settle comfortably but unfortunately nearly 5o of the non reserved travellers got into the train occupying the passage bath rooms. On investigation of found out that, some of them on wait listed tickets, some of them no tickets. I told the duty ttr about it and he said it is the duty of railway police and when i told the police they said it is the duty of ttr. We had 2 nights of sleepless travel despite our reservation well in advance since there was no security for our luggage. 3 ttr came into the train none of them checked those ticketless passengers as even wait listed tickets are considered ticketless travel. Prime minister mr. Modi and railway minister talks high about railway services it is very precarious and alarming. Why should we at all book our ticket in advance? The ttr getting big fat salaries and pension is not doing there job and they went to the extent of harassing reserved passengers for not having original id. The railway police force since independence has not protected railway properties nor passengers. Instead of them employ army personnel who will command some respect. It is your duty to take action against these ttrs on duty and the police personnel without which railway travel will be unsafe for senior citizens like us. I was sick for sometime that is why i could write to you early. Your early action is solicitedPassengersR. Bharathan, saravanan, andal and lakshmi   
 The attendant is rude to the passengers, and the way he was interacting was very irrelevant and nasty talks. And this made the most of my fellow passengers uncomfortable. The guy was very disrespectful and was disgusting. I feel pity for indian railway for putting such staff in trains. Info of various paavengers are listed belowTrain number :22415Date of journey :23/10/17-24/10/17.1. Pnr :[protected]2. Pnr: [protected]3. Pnr: [protected]4. Pnr: [protected]5. Pnr: [protected]6. Pnr: [protected]7. Pnr: [protected]   
 Sir I have booked my bike up 32 gp 9398 on 07 oct 17 from lucknow to mariani railway station bill way no is 985730 but still on 24 i have not received it at mariani railway station. I asked at lucknow they said it was sent to mariani stn from train no 15910 on 20 oct 17. But bike is not received at mariani stn when i enquire at booking office.Plz search it.Inform me as soon as possible.   
 Hi my name is sumit das i have to register a strong complaint against the irctc officials who are working in the online ticket booking website. I had booked 4 tickets out of which i had cancelled 2 tickets and 2 tickets i had booked and amount was deducted from my account and ticket not booked., i am sending you the details of the ticket booking as under. (1) transaction id no:[protected], pnr no:[protected], date of journey:23-dec-2017, cancellation id/refund id:[protected], transaction amount:5795.00, refund amt:1250, bank:payumpp, transaction date:16-oct-2017, date of cancellation :16-oct-2017, 15:06:32 hrs, train name:bilaspur rajdhani express. (2) transaction id no:[protected], transaction cancellation id/refund id:[protected], refund amt:3915, remaining details same as above, cancellation id/refund id:[protected]. (3) transaction id:[protected], date of booking:16-oct-2017, cancellation id/refund id:[protected], transaction type:failed, transaction amount:₹5795. (4) in one separate special case the ticket which i had booked in that the amount got deducted from my debit card, i. E; from my account but the ticket was not booked so i humbly request you whoever you are concerned to look into this matter and resolve this as soon as possible.   
 Respected sir/madamI, devaki krishnan, its been one year, pension is not credited in the new sbi account number : [protected]. Nallasopara east branch. I had request to close my husband's account as he is expired on 4th feb 2016.Husband's old account : [protected]Sir, with very grief to express that every time i call the branch they inform they have not received any intimation to close my husband's account and to transfer the pension to my new account. And the pension is credited in the old account which we cant use.Is the problem with railway? Bank has not received any letter yet. I have submitted all the supporting documents related to death and new account.Ppo number : wr/12118/529467 Date of retirement :[protected]Hence i request you please suggest me a solution from which i will be trouble free from this type of issue. Expecting a positive response from your end.   
 Hi team, Thank you for your pplatform, could you please look into below deatils as we can see i have filled tdr request at 8 sept 2017 still i didn't get any refund, Cancellation i'd : 100000182490626Pnr: 855414138Reason : train diverted and passenger not travelled Current status is cr registered But it's 1 and half month over so kindly look into the issue and resolve asap.Regards, Ajinkya narayanpure.   
 Pnr no: [protected]Train no. & name: 12822/dhauli expOn 23rd october 2017 we were travelling from puri to howrah in ac chair car of train no 12822 dhauli express. From khurda road, the air-conditioning system was not working. We complained to mr. P. K. Das, the hd tte of our coach c2 at bhubaneswar station itself to resolve the issue. A/c coach-c2 was completely suffocating, since there was neither any fan, light or air-conditioning in operation. When all passengers complained to the said tte, he took it very casually and did not pay any heed to the customers’ complaint. The most dangerous part was the non-functioning of the alarm chains throughout the coach, which could have been very fatal in case of any dire emergency while the train was in motion.Finally all the passengers unboarded the train at the cuttack station and approached the guard for his help. A formal complaint was also lodged and docketed at cuttack railway station.It is now earnestly requested to look into the matter and the following action to be taken at the earliest:-1) stringent action to be taken against mr. P. K. Das, the hd tte of coach c2 (Train no & name: 12822/dhauli exp), for his utter negligence in carrying his normal duties diligently and continuously showing careless attitude towards passengers’ complaints.2) as compensation to the continuous owes and agonies faced throughout the journey in the above-mentioned coach, a full refund of the entire amount against the ticket cost of the said journey may please be refunded immediately along with the adequate compensation.Thanks and regardsSoumya ghosh   
 With reference to the notice number [protected], we have dispatched our material through railway parcel service (Pwb no.[protected] dated 28/06/2017). The respective consignee has not yet received the parcel so far. We have contacted the railway parcel service many times but went in vain. Hence, we are requesting for the claim amount mentioned in our purchase order.We have also sent a mail to cco_jbp@claims. Indianrail.gov.in on 25th of august but there was not response till now.Attaching the pwb receipt for reference.Request you to kindly take necessary action on this.   
 I am a serving senior officer of indian army.I booked tickets for me and my wife by 22481 jodhpur delhi sarai rohilla sup exp on 14 oct 17. Sch arr at sarai rohilla was at 0520 on 15 oct 17.The next connecting train was 12011 kalka shatabdi, sch dep at 0740 on 15 oct 17 from new delhi. (Photo of both tickets attatched)22481 arr at delhi cantt at 0954 ie more than 4 hours late and by then i had missed the connecting train. I was confirmed by the tte that i could travel in any subsequent train on the same ticket after getting endorsement from the station master. I confirmed about the same from online also.I checked about availability of the next trains and reservations. Fortunately i found more than 100 seats available in the evening 12005 kalka shatabdi. I met the tte at the train, showed him my tickets and the endorsement of delay of first train and boarded the train. Since there were many vacant seats we managed to find the sets as well. After about one and half hour the tte asked me to come out of the cabin and started telling me that i was a "ticketless traveller" and asked me to pay. I showed him my identity card and the tickets and explained to him the complete circumstances but he remained adamant and refused to see any logic or the rules. He got hold of another tte and rpf jawans and started threatening me. Even i refused to pay up and asked him to make the proper tickets instead. Finally he prepared an excess fare ticket no 278581 of rs 3340/- (Double amount with penalty) (Photo attatched) and i paid the amount.The names of the two ttes are as follows:-Mr kp singhMr bhupinder singh   
 Dear mr. Piyush goyal, I would like to bring it to your notice since the day you had taken the charge as minister of indian railways, the services has gone worst to the worst.It is my observation that the trains are running very late and there is no control or supervision over them. Today (23/10/17) i was to travel ahmedabad by bdts-bvc express (12971) and to board the train from andheri at 21:45 hrs.I resides at kharghar (Out skirts of navi mumbai) to catch the train i choose to travel by local train scheduled at 19:46 from kharghar station. The local train was delayed by around 30-35 mins... It arrived kharghar station at 20:16 hrs... And reached andheri at 21:50 (Scheduled arrival is at 21:08 hrs).. Almost delayed by 40 mins.. Due to which i missed my train.I had a scheduled of meetings for tomorrow at my office.. But now i won't be able to attend the same due to failure of indian railways services. I hope you can understand my situation.. As you are an educated person. And will definitely make sure in improving the services.As per the rules i will be getting just an refund of 25% that to due to failure of your department. I would suggest to refund full amount to self with an salary pay of 1 day to me.Details:Name: jitendra sharmaTrain no: 12971Berth no.: a1/25Thanking you, Regards, Jitendra sharma   
 @railminindia pnr no [protected] tr. No.12479 coach b2train stopes 2 min at jwb st. But attendant didn’t open the door the door was closedAnd the main thing is that my coach glass was broken and this service we are getting from indian railway this trains runs from jodhpur to bandra terminus my board was from jawai bandh train name is surya nagari exp   
 Dear sir, i did tatkal reservation at 20/10/2017 time 11:00 am from irctc registered login id {train no 22181 }. From sgo to gwl for 21/10/2017. I paid tatkal fare charges 830 rs by my sbi internet banking {irctc transaction reference no [protected]} and at 11:30 am rs 830 rs deducted from my account {sbi transaction reference no igacfmbpr9 } but after at i did not get any tatkal ticke booking from irctc or after 11:10am there were 65 seats are shown on irctc website. Please refund my deducted money 830 rs in my sbi account as soon as possible. Regards -  Pankaj kumar khare mobile no - [protected] Irctc user id - pkhare83   
 I had cancelled my ticket on 09.01.2017, till date i have not received my payment. I made several request but no effect. I had ticket for jummbu tawai ex howrah to pathankot dt of journey 24.3.2017 in ac 2 tier, ticket number 88888564. I am a senior citezen heart patient, but not yet received my claim after visiting several times in kolkata officePnr number [protected]   
 Train no - 17038Train name - bikaner-secunderabad express Pnr - [protected]We are traveling in this train right now with our family. We are traveling in sleeping coach.Issues:-sleeper coach looks like a general coach. - there is no cleanliness in the coach. There is so much garbages in the coach. No cleaner has come in the coach since the morning.- washrooms are just pathetic. It’s very stinky, unclear n just worst.- there are so much of ppl roaming in the coach without reservation than what’s the point of doing reservation in the train?There is immediate improvements required as due to this, there are so much mosquitos in the coach & family can get ill due to such pathetic situation. Why we are spending so much of montu on reservation if such basic things are not going to be provided by railway.Please revert on this asap, or we writing to hod.You can contact me on [protected] - alpesh sutaria.   
 Dear sir, today i am travelling in train from bijapur to solapur passenger train, at depature time in bijapur is 12.05 am, in this journey i have lost 1 mobile phone redmi note 4 gold colour 4 gb ram & 64 gb internal memory (Imei no - 866750033188080) & 980 rupess cash, & train ticket also. I will reort immediately in rpf police station solapur when i reached solapur, they write a rough notes, (Duty officer name is pawar) at early morning 03 : 00 am approx. They will not registered the complaint due to i have not mobile bill, so he will inform me, please carry the bill & we will take complaint, after that i have a reservation ticket from solapur to pune in 11042 chennai mumbai express in sleeping coach s2 seat no 58, i am travel to pune with my id proof, i have no immediately leave from my job, so iam complaint by online, i think it was happened in tikekarwadi to solapur just i think, so please track the mobile & help me for this & reply me. The exact email address to send the invoice copy, in add photos attachment is error to attach invoice bill, so please resolve the issue Please do the needful...   
 Sir i have booked railway luggage service for transfer my bike from pathankot cantt to lucknow nr with receipt no 785968 on dt 22.10.2017 on trian 12238 beghampura express. The luggage will unloading on 23.10.17 at lucknow but luggage staff have not unload my luggage inspite of trian halt more than 30 minutes at platform. They are not even listening any thing. Sir now i am afraid how i could get my byke. Please help me regarding this.Monish kattal[protected]   
 Sms received on 21.09.2017 that train no 07150 njp-vskp schedule on 02.10.2017 was cancelled due to unavoidable circumstances. But i have not received refund of rs 2235/- vide pnr no. [protected]. I have requested three times vide ticket id irctc # 6865901, 6901485, 6950553 & attached sms (Train cancellation) also. I have talked two times to customer service. They have informed that it is being looked after. Please refund the amount at the earliest.   
 As the coach no:c8 of shatabdi express from pune to secunderabad has been detached on 14.10.2017, we could not travel through that train. We have received an sms at 4.24 am on 14.10.2017 stating that "c-8 coach of t. No.12025 pune sc shatabdi exp.. Leaving pune on 14/10/17 is detached. E-tkt holders kindly collect certificate from t. C. Woffice pune for refund purpose". As we are in hurry to rush to hyderabad in bus, we could not meet anybody in tc office. Further, we have booked the tickets through online and hence we filed the tdr on 16.10.17 after coming back from hyderabad. You have informed about the detachment of coach in the 11th hour and made us to face so much of inconvenience for which you are supposed to pay the charges for discomfort (Caused by you).We are diabetic and we have not carried any food packing also as we are under the impression that the food will be served in train. Your callous approach towards customers is not at all pardonable.The rejection of our request for refund of our genuinely paid money is not acceptable to us.Please refund the amount at the earliest and don't compel us to approach the court for seeking the justice.Regards, K udaya kumar, Mobile no:[protected]   
 I have travel on 13th morning and 15th evening from thalassery second platform. Since the many passengers are outside and the passenger waiting room show empty, myself and family enter to the hall. Both time quiet bad urinal smell at waiting room. Found the urinal area not cleaning properly. Since many passengers travelling everyday from this station request to arrange tor rectify the problem   
 I had cancel waiting ticket of pnr no.[protected], at 15.22 while depart time of train from reservation station is 16.25. By irctc counter ticket cancel facility.From reservation station is 16.25. When i am going to surrender the original counter ticket at nagpur railway station counter the thicket counter staff deny to refund the amount. His comment is attached to cancellation form with mail as well ticket.Because of sunday and heavy corroded counter nobody help me, i stay in row almost 2 hrs for refund of cancellation of ticket when my chance come staff strictly send back. While insisting supervise he wrote comment time and date. 22./10./17 at17.37.This time only two counter is open.May please help me for refundMay please help me reg.Attachment1. Ticket2. Cancellation form3. Snap short of sms   
 On 16/10/17 i had to travel from delhi sarai rohilla to ratangarh, rajasthan by train 22482. This train starts from delhi sarai rohilla and goes up to jodhpur. The scheduled departure is 23.15 pm but when i reached at delhi station i got informed that train is late and will depart at 04.45 am next day. The whole night i had to sit on floor to wait along-with hundreds of other co-passengers. This is not the first incidence regarding the delay of the above mentioned train. It happens every day. For example, yesterday on 22/10/17, it was late for 1.45 hrs. If the consumer forum asks from the indian railways regarding the departure data for last few months, it will be clear that it is happening every day. Hundreds of poor passengers wait for hours for this train. We have no other option except for waiting. I demand strict action against the officials responsible for this.   
 Dear sirIts very painful to inform you that i alongwith my family had planned to visit my parents staying in kolkata to attend the holy chhat puja 2017. I got my ticket booked on 22 jun 17 for train no 12001 (Date of journey-20 oct 17) from habibgunj to jhansi and another train (Pratham swatantrata sangram train no 11106) time of departure from jhansi 2100 hrs. However train no 12001 was announced to be late by 01 and half hours initially and as the time progressed the late period extended to 2 and half hours and finally 2 and 3/4th hours for which i had to cancel my journey as it was not possible to catch the train from jhansi to kolkata. The train had not left habibgunj till 1735 hrs. I didn't get a single penny as refund for shatabdi and rs 650 against three 3ac tickets of train no 11106. My parents don't believe me. This is the first time in my life where i had to face such embarrassment.Kindly do the needful.Manwendra mani trivediPnr no [protected] (Train no 12001)Pnr no [protected] (Train no 11106)   
 I am sapana kumari, travelling today from nzm to kota by 12432 trivandrum rajdhani alone. Due to pregnancy i have ordered continental food upon asking of coach attandant. He said nothing at that time. When he came to give lunch to me he denied to provide continental food. He said there is nothing in pantry car, he can provide me continental food at dinner. When i ask about complaint book, he denied to give me and he said if u want to take complaint book go to the pantry car. I have to remain hungry during train journey despite paying money for same during ticket booking.   
 I had filled tdr on date 26-sep-2017 10:23:30 hrs, cancellation id: 100000186258491 and Reason for tdr: train late more than three hours and passenger not travelled. Tdr refund case has been registered with 203171002634 on 2017-10-05. Today is 17th day from the date of tdr refund case registered and and 27 day from the date of tdr filed still haven't received refund.Would you please do some needful so that i can get my refund money. It was my fault that train was running more than 5 hours of delay and passenger was not traveled on train. Please try to refund the money as soon as possible.   
 This is rajani bharati, i went ujjain railway reservation office on 22-10-2017 for tatkal reservation in 3rd ac. I had to go from ujjain to junagadh. My number in reservation row is second on first window. Despiste a-8 (8 seats vailable) railway reservation employee denied to give me reservation and demanded 10000 rs from me to give reservation. I had been facing this froble since 4-5 days. Due to this corruption by railway employee i faced heavy loss. Please take necessary action. I could not join my job and faced 20lakh rupees loss.   
 Hi support team, I have booked a tatkal ticket from cnbTo anand vihar for gareeb rath express on 24th sept 2017 and date of journey was 25th sept 2017For reason train delayed more than 3 hours andThe passenger has not traveled, i filled the tdrFor the same in irctc against my ticket and theStatus was turned to cr registered, but theAmount was not refunded yet.I am not sure what else i might be missing toGet amount refunded. Please let me know what iCan do further or else you can drop a mail to lipsy. Chopra@gmail.comTicket details: Do transaction :- 29th oct, 2014.Pnr number :- [protected]Reason for tdr: train late more than three hours and passenger not travelled.Tdr filing date: 25th sept 2017 06:31:05 hrsTdr status: cr registeredCancellation id: [protected]Tdr zone: northern railway (Nr)Registration no:[protected]Warm regards, Lipsy   
 I am travelling in train 14708 rajakpur express coach b2.. Toilets of this compartment are so bad and the whole compartment is giving out a bad smell. Things are really bad here and i cant even breathe fresh air as these train compartments are smelling too bad. Please correct it earliest possible as we as take corrective actions for the coming time too.   
 Agent name-pinki agarwal talukdar. Her son name rakesh talukdar. Address-jateswar, falakata. Alipurduar, west bengal, 735216, near jateswar shib mondir. He used tatkal software, he was set agent at falakata railway station, and dalgaon rail station. His mo no-[protected]. Every reservation ticket he charged ₹200. And at tatkal ticket he charged ₹400minimum, some times it's highly over ₹500. What is the matter?I ask you sir...What you do against complaint to pinki agarwal talukder and her son rakesh talukder. His ph no-[protected]..   
 Dear sir, i am sanjai kumar. I am complaining tatkal wait list charge rs.60. At festival time mostly middle class people booking ticket, i am one of them. If tatkal ticket not confirmed is in waitlist also they charged rs.60 deducted and remaining amount refunded. Most of people trying to book ticket. Mostly wait list came because now railway introduced premium tatkal. Now tatkal seat 240 reduced to 120 seats. So what i say tatkal wait list charge is very high try to reduce it. Try to reduce premium tatkal and increase tatkal around 170. I hope u will consider it.Citizen of indiaSanjai kumar   
 Dear sir, i am travelling in the andaman express from delhi to vijayawada departed on 21 st october, my son mobile was stolen at gwalior station from s6 coach seat no 39, my pnr number is [protected] train no 16032 my mobile number is [protected], the phone is iphone 6, i tried complaining to grp at many stations they could not lodge a complaint becoz of the less stoppage time at stations   
 `train no.22691 is having stopping at guntakal jn.. But i am very surprised that 22692 Train is not having stopping at guntakal jn. As per your train schedules. It is more surprised that last early hours at 00.15 i personally saw that 22692 train has stopped at guntakal jn. For about ten minutes. Guntakal jn is a very prominent and number 2 position after bza.in a. P.. I request you to make official stop at guntakal jn. So that we can make reservation from nzm to gtl.   
 Sir/madam  I am going to samastipur (Spj) by train no - 19601, i have purchase a general ticket from delhi to samastipur rs. 290/- on the way due to havy rush in train i have change my coach from general to 3rd a/c. At lucknow junction. After some time a t. T. Came and charge the fine rs. 1800/- but receipt given unknown amt this receipt is unable to read due to ajibo garib writing style for ur reference i attaching the receipt.. Thanks & regardNavneet kumar choudhary   
 Dear sir, we are traveling in train no 15667 coach s-8, it is not possible to place any step in passage, there is no difference between local and reservation compartments. I don't know why we are paying for reservation we need help from you. Next station is baroda now.   
 Really disgusting to see that no one has turned up till now (8.12pm) to clean our coach (B6) of dibrugarh-ndls rajdhani express (12423) dated 21/10/17... Pieces of paper, eaten food items are lying all around inside the coach, rats & cockroaches moving all around, stinking smell from the toilet etc. And there is no one from the cleaning team to clear it. When i asked the attendant of the coach, he replied there is no sweeper in this train ðŸ˜¢Really disappointing to see this situation... When railway ministry claims to improve the situation and is on the constant run to increase the faresLooking forward to an immediate action in this regard.RegardsSaumyendu   
 Hi, First thing please provide the correct customer care number as none of the provided numbers work.Now my problem is i booked a ticket today under tatkal and the seats were available till i proceeded for payment. But after the payment was done i got a ticket in tqwl. I did not ask for a tqwl ticket then how does your site assume that i need that ticket. Shouldn't you ask for confirmation?Now that i have cancelled the ticket i have suffered a loss of rs. 60. You are taking rs.60 from rs.110 ticket. Does that even make sense? I request to be paid back my money (Full refund)Pfa. Transaction id: 100001022118158Regards, Sneha kanekar   
 I have checked online status at 4:46pm of my train number 59832 and it's showing that it's departed from khachrod station on 4:40pm, but that it was not departed, it departed on 4:47pm.For this type of update will misguided to traveller and he can cancel or change the plan. For this sector every minute is very important, for such wrong update spoiled the government sector image. As you know that your sector image is very bad in front of everyone. Please don't damage more.   
 Before chart prepared pnr status was rac 70. After prepared it was rac again. From berhampur to delhi through bhubaneswar, sambalpur.12 hours have already past but still railway not confirming a lady patient's rac. How can she travel such a long journey of 36 hours to delhi?How can railway give bearths in subsequent stations as bhubaneswar, sambalpur, jharsuguda etc without ignoring rac lady patient coming from previous station i. E bam sitting 12 hours in in security.Soln - Pray to give her a birth immediately on humanity ground.   
 Sir,  On 8 oct 2017 i was going to vaishno devi from nagpur by ten express but it was not clear railway ticket they had return to tickets no i. E himsagar express they were announcing thw name of only himsagar express ^&was; waiting for my ten express & i missed it. That money was also no refundable because after 2hrs i came to know that both trains are same.Then i had travel with suvidha train om the same day bit i don't know reason why your tickets amount is beyond imagination with no facilty. But surprising when katra stations came hardly 25 passenger were there. And along passenger not even ore then divas per y kmowledge3 the scenario which i have seen. I think i should get my refund amount of train i. E ten express extra amount of suvidha express.   
 Indian railway parcel complaint — parcel missing. No - d 877029. 12 october2017To, Drm sir, ChennaiSub - parcel missing (House hold)R/sir, I am booked my luggage on dated 12 october 2017 from dimapur to perambur (Parcel no. D 877029), but till now i have not received my parcel.I have inquired at chennai parcel office several time but the parcel officer is not taking any responsibility.Sir, i am in service indian army and hence i cant take leave and go to the railway station daily.I attached the billty copy herewith please open this attachment & understand my problem.Kindly look in to this matter & do the needful to enable me to get luggage at the earliest and without any further delay. I would very much thankful for your kind co-operationThanking you.Your faithfullyMuniarajMob. Number -[protected]Email :- munia11492@gmail.com   
 I had done reservations at chennai egmore counter on 11 oct17 and i had paid through debit card. On oct17 some amount deducted from amount with reference to 11 oct 17 by southern railway. I fail to understand that how can railway can deduct any amount from my without my knowledge as once all dues paid at the same time during reservation. Plz resolve my query at the earliest   
 Dear sir/madam, Yesterday (Ie. On 19.10.2017) myself & my husband travelled by train no. 11022 (Chalukya express) from madurai jn. To yeshwantpur rly. Station. We have booked the tickets online (Opted for lower berths) more than 100 days in advance ie. On 6.07.2017. Iam 53 & my husband is 58 years old. Without considering our age we were allotted upper berth & side upper berth. We thought due to diwali holidays all the lower berths will be full. But to our dismay, when we boarded the train, we noticed that most of berths were empty including several lower berths. We had to request tte for lower berths & he was very obliging & finally we got lower berths.But at the time of booking the tickets itself we could have been allotted lower berths & we would have been very happy without any tension.Another incident which i would like to narrate is given below : My aged parents (Both in their eighties) were travelling from yeshwantpur to palakkad jn. By garibrath train on 5.10.2017. We booked the tickets on 4.10.2017 (Online), nearly 300 to 400 berths were vacant at the time of booking. Inspite of that both of them were allotted upper berths. Finally with great difficulty they got lower berths.I am unable to understand the logic behind the allotment of berths. I would request the railway authorities to look into similar cases & give preference to allot lower berths for middle aged passengers & senior citizens.I think it can be taken care at the time of booking the tickets online / offline please. Thanking you, R. Vijayalakshmi   
 Me and family traveled in kanyakumari express (12633, pnr: [protected]) in s1 coach on 16 october. There were 2 issues during this painful journey1) train was delayed by 2.5 hours when it reached nagercoil. The main reason what i learnt was a stalled goods train in the egmore-tambaram section which was on the same track as 12633. I am at loss of words to understand how an engine which cannot pull the load can be fitted 2) about 30 passengers with general tickets boarded the reserved coach. There was no tte or rpf to regulate at tambaram till tindivanam. Passengers were unable to use rest rooms (Or) sit properly. I had to complain to 138 and this was informed to rpf tindivanam. A police staff called me and assured that it will be sorted. At tindivanam, rpf got into the coach and offloaded some passengers. Again at villupuram, more people were offloaded. Why railways is not able to protect passengers and why rpf was not accompanying?.   
 My pnr no is [protected]. I boarded the train in lucknow. Train reached 4 hrs late. The moment i entered the coach not only foul smell was emanating from toilet but there was no water at all to use it. The passengers complained the water shortage for last 12 hrs. Small children n women were finding difficult to continue the travel but had no option due to festive season. Pls taken immediate action n if possible please arrange the water atvelast for aam admission. Still to travle for another 15 hrs to isme   
 Sir, i m amit shivhare [protected] :- mera chota bhai pankaj shivhare jiski mental position thik nahi he aur uska ilaj mental hospital gwalior me chal raha he uski kal raat ko 08:00pm par achanak mental position bigdi aur jab me market gaya hua tha tab bah ghar se chala gaya me jab ghar 08:30 par wapas ghar aaya to pata chala phir me use dunde laga to pata chala ki wah station ki aur gaya he me aur mera dost amit soni [protected] dabra dono usko dhodte huye station pahuche ek dusre dost ko mene 02 platform ticket lane ko kaha dabra station par platform no 02 par ticket window na ho ne ke karan ticket lene ke liye platform no 02 ko par karte hue platform no 01 par jana padta he tab tak hum mere bhai ko dhudte hue platform no 02 par aage ki taraf jhansi ki taraf pauche to waha mera bhai mil gaya me usse ghar chalne ki baat kar hi raha tha ki achanak waha par railway protection force ke lakhan lal meena train ki entry karne aagaye aur humse ticket ki maang karne lage humne unhe sari baat batai ki mere bhai ki mental position thik nahi he aur unhe humne uska current treatment prescription bhi dikhaya tab bhi wah use na mante huye ticket ki maang karne lage tab humne kaha ki sir thodi der rukjao abhi ticket lekar mera dost aata hi hoga par wah maan hi nahi rahe the aur kah rahahe the ki ticket dikho aur ticket nahi he to 1000.00 ke hisab se 2000.00 penalti bhar kar rasid banbao ya 250.00 ke hisab se mujhe 500.00 dekar bina rasid ke nikal jao aaj diwali ka tyohar he me tumhe aandar kar dunga to tumhara tyohar kharab ho jayega aur unhone kaha ki kya tc hota to wah ye nahi karta kya me bhi wahi kar raha hu to isme burai kya he dabra station par tc nahi he to hume hi ticket check karna padta he ye baat to humare incharge aur station master ko bhi pata he aur hum dono ko garewan pakad kar plateform no 02 par aur aage jhansi ki taraf lejane lage tab tak pl. No. 02 par godwana exp 12410 aagai tab tak mera bhai train ke slr coach me jakar beth gaya humne meena ji se kaha ki aap ek minut ke liye to hume chod do ya aap hi mere bhai ko train se utar lo uske pass bhi to ticket nahi he par wah to maan hi nahi rahe the kah rahe the ki agar me use utarne gaya to tum bhag jaoge aur itne me train chaldi mere bahi ke pass ticket hi nahi tha aur mobile bhi nahi tha train jane ke baad hum bahut paresan ho gaye tab humne meena ji se kaha ki aab me kya karu me use kaha dhundne jau tab meena ji ne humse kaha ki jo hona tha wo to ho hi gaya aur bese bhi tum aapne bhai ka kab tak dhayan rakhte marne do jane do sale ko kam se kam tumhe usse chutkara to mil gaya na tumhe to mujhe dhanyabaad kahana chahiye mene kaha sir me ab aapne bhai ko kaha dhunduga to unhone kaha ki kuch nahi rasid banwakar ghar chale jao nahi to tumhe aandar dal dunga mene kaha ki sir ye to aapne mere sath galat kiya he to unhone kaha ki galat sahi mujhe nahi batao tumhe jo karna he wo karo meri fir likhado kuch nahi hone wala he mera bada rasuk he ukt ghatna sthal par kaphi passenger aur platform no 03 par khadi maal gadi ke driver sahab bhi mojud the unho ne bhi kaha ki ha ye log baat to sahi kah rahe he bahut der se ye aapne bhai ko ghar chalne ke liye samjha rahe the. Par meena ji kaha manne wale the ye aur kahne lage ki yadi wo pagal he to tumne use ghar se hi kyu aane diya ghar par hi bhand kar rakhte hume kaha ki wo pagal nahi he sir kuch dino se wo dipration me chala gaya he wah kaphi pada likha he uska ilaj bhi chal raha he aur wo kuch haad tak wo thik bhi ho chuka he tab tak platform ticket lekar mera dost aagaya aur humne unhe ticket dikha diya aur unhone hume kaphi deer ke baad chod diya phir hum apni complant lekar dabra station master ke pass pahuche aur likhit aawedan diya to unhone use lene se mana kar diya tab humne kaha ki hume aapni sikayat ko complant book me entry hi kar lene dijiye par unhone kaha ki rpf ki complant nahi hoti he wo kabhi galat kam nahi karte he tumhari hi galti hogi tab humne kaha ki koi complant contact mobile/landline no. Hi dedijiye tab unhone kaha ki aap jaiye yaha se aur bhar likhe complant no par ye online complant kar dijiye bhar koi complant no nahi likha tha aur lindline no likha bhi tha to wah lag hi nahi rahata aur online center sare band ho chuke the tab aaj mene online center jakar complant ki sikayat ke saath me humare platforme ticket he sir pls help me sir mera bhai to milne se raha aur dabra station par bhi kisine meri complant ragister nahi ki mujhe aapki help ki bahut aabsaykta he kirpya uchit karybahi karene ki kirpya kare. Thanks   
 Online booking in railway requires review. S. No.	Name	age	gender	concession	status	coach	seat / berth / wl no	currentStatus	coach	seat / berth / wl no	id type / id no.	Insurance1	kpn pillai	57	male		cnf	b1	58 (Mb)	cnf	b1	58 (Mb)		yes2	madhavi amma	69	female	srctnw	cnf	b1	60 (Lb)	cnf	b1	60 (Lb)		yes3	pankalakdshiamma	98	female	srctnw	cnf	b1	59 (Ub)	cnf	b1	59 (Ub)		yesPlease look at the bert allotment of 3 persons. My mother 98 years old is allotted upper berth!   
 Dear sir, Now i'm traveling in 15052-gorakhpur kolkata express which is running already 8 hours late, that is truly causes anxiety and untolareble for passenger.Not only this, i hear that most of our train has been running late.It's my request that you r liable to inform me what is the reason behind this.Lastly it is my humble request to you for taking necessary action against this issue as early as possible.Thanks & regardsArup kumar khan.A indian passengerEmail id.- arupkhan94@gmail.com   
 Sir my name is rahul chaudhary i m from kolkata sir today i was traveling from sakri to sealdah station i was voilently abused by ttc in the platform no 11 of sealdah by ttc for not having my ticket. I showed my ticket they tear it and imposed a fine of 255 rs and tortured me for not having tickets do something about it or else i m going to complain to higher branch   
 Sir i am raja khan i stay near phatak (Pakur) sir there is railway pole broken its very sharpe and dangerous. School kids, senior citizen, patient, pregnant lady pass throw this phatak road daily every accident happens because of this broken pole.. This pole can give a serious injured to public and can die if they get injured.. And in this phatak there are many fruit hawkers stall... Near railway track train passes throw this track some may can get died in train accident who will be reposible for this matter? In pakur station grp and rpf police take perday commision from this stall if any enquiry comes they inform hawkers they remove there stall and get clear so it my humble request to take a immidietly action on this matter i hope railway will help and give a good reponse on this matter... Thankyouuuu   
 We were travelling in dehi sealdah duronto express on 18th oct, pnr no19aaagm0289ca19, it was late for 10 hrs leading to. Miss our scheduled trai n gour express at 10.15 pm, i even approached to station master and officials for refund but they didn't help us for anything. It was the worst experience, as my dad is a heart patient, and i am thinking to take legal action and let everyone know about this hackle in social media, and let me know when i will be getting the refund   
 Dear sir Myself Niju M has parcelled my Bajaj pulsar bike with registration number KL16-3320 from Ahmadabad to quilon on 14/10/2017. My way bill number is 258412. I didn't get any update so far. They did not parcel my vehicle still. The same happened so many times from Ahmadabad Railway Station. So I request you to consider this complaint and do the needful  Thank you Niju M   
 Today in morning around 4 am, 5 mobile and 1 my spouse hand bag stolen from 19031 yoga express - a1 coach set no 19, 20, 14, 15,.23Out of these 5 two belongs to me and spouse. This was early morning and all passengers were sleeping. We realised the theft at sarai rohilla station when my wife asked me that he mobile is missing, when i checked mine, it was also stolenAnother passenger at a1-23 informed same and then passenger at 14 and 15. When i reach to attendant for fir he was in sleep and when asked him he asked me to contact tc. At that time tc in train advice to complain at delhi. After reaching at delhi, when enquired on fir with one of grp police, he asked us to lodge complain at end station haridwar. By this time i tweeted to western railway, indian rail, rail minister. Soon after that grp police came to us and fir no [protected] lodged. Total loss i suffered of 1 lakh due to some gold earing and finger rings were available in wife purse.This train having frequent theft cases, i heard with no of passengers. Indian railway team, kindly help to bring back our stolen things   
 Sir! My pnr no. Is [protected]. I am travelling by tr no. 04425 from katpadi rly syn. On 18 oct 17 right now at 1530 h this train is delaying by more than 9 hrs. We are getting bore. No pantry car, no water in toilets. No cleaning or maintenance. If this would be the condition then no body would like to travel by special train. Intead people would like to travel by air in the parallel cost. It seems we can not celebrate diwali on 19 oct 17. Very disgusting and embarrassing for people who are travelling by this train. Plz look intensively and make compensation accordingly. Kk singh   
 Dear sirI had booked my bike (Honda activa) to do the parcel from miraj (Maharashtra) to hatia (Ranchi, jharkhand) railway station on 29th sept 2017, but already 19 days are over i did not receive my bike. I had conatcted to the hatia railway station on 13th october 2017 but they dont have any information even i contacted to the parcel office of miraj railway station but they are syaing that they already sent my bike on 29th october for hatia. Sir nobody is giving me correct information regarding my bike, i am totally stuck in between the offices of railway and nobody is giving me correct information. Please help me so i can get my bike as soon as possible.I had attach the copy of recepit.Details are given below:-Bike - honda activaColour - grayBooking receipt no.- b657524My contact no,.- [protected]   
 At goregaon east, near to lotus business park; 2 wheelers are required to be parked at railway warehouse. Locals charge rs. 20 per vehicle without issuing receipts. Illegally money is charged from people and if you don't pay, your vehicle will be damaged. Collection in name of raju pawaskar by teenagers.This is how black money gets generated.   
 Dear sir/madam, today i am trying to book railway ticket pune to patna express, but not booked and debited the money, please refund and help me. Thanks Wednesday, october 18, 2017 2:24 pm Stubp-53181363/pune to ald	Inr2, 760.00 		 17, 138.19  4Wednesday, october 18, 2017 2:24 pm Stubp-53181363/pune to ald	Inr10.00 		 17, 128.19  5Wednesday, october 18, 2017 2:24 pm Stubp-53181363/pune to ald	Inr1.80 		 17, 126.39   
 We boarded train 12245 duranto from bhubaneshwar to yesvanthpur on 17th october 2017. Irctc caterer i found is doon caterers. Pathetic food & it was being packed near toilets of each compartment though 12245 has a pantry. Food was cold too... When asked the persons serving, said to complain to the ministry since their owner is apathetic to their owes too. I think the authorities will not wake up till the public start a revolt against railways... Since my childhood (45 years) i have been hearing complaints on quality of food in trains. A railway public brigade need to be started by a ngo to ensure quality, hygiene. A revolution is required. No change of minister can make the railway staff to work. System has become obsolete. Wake up india   
 Train no. 12206 nanda devi express from dehradun to new delhi started on 17 october was not having water in coach b2. What kind of service is this? What we should use for washing if there is no water?Please ask this to your employees who are working for filling water in coaches? What were they doing? Were they sleeping? If they are not able to complete the work please provide chance to other people who really want to serve the indian railway. Please don't waste money on such people who are not working properly   
 I had tickets booked in pooja express/12414 for 14th october and saw update that train was late by 3 hours which later got cancelled and so i cancelled my ticket to file a tdr but neither i am getting option to file a tdr nor received any refunds.Below are my ticket detailsTransaction id: [protected] pnr no [protected] train no./name: 12414 / jammu aii exp Date of journey: 14-oct-2017 date of boarding: 14-oct-2017 class: third ac (3a) From: gurgaon (Ggn) to: jaipur (Jp) boarding: gurgaon (Ggn) Resv upto: jaipur (Jp) quota: general (Gn) ticket type: e-ticket Insurance (No of psgn) : 2 insurance company : shriram general insurance travel insurance premium : 0.0 Policy issue date : 11-sep-2017 10:57:00 am travel insurance opt : yes Please refund the amount asap it's indian railways fault   
 I'm travelling in east coast express s6 coach on 17th oct, 2017 and i have seen that the reserved compartment has been fully filled with general ticket passengers and the tc has taken 100/- each for illegally allowing them to stay there. He clearly stated it costs 500/- to write a receipt. Those passengers didn't allow me to sit in my own seat even. They molested me by trying to sit on my berth when i was trying to sleep (Side lower). They literally occupied my whole seat and made me to get out from there. I scolded them to move away from there but they didn't. The tc had allowed all of them to stay in the coach itself.I experienced hell in the compartment...I question the authorities as they, who are responsible to take care of these things, are actually encouraging them.I demand the higher officials to respond to this and take stringent action.   
 To whomsoever it may concern.This is to bring to your notice that on 04/10/2017 i ordered a meal at CHHAPRA railway station with Order ID[protected]Train Number - 22411, Coach ID - A2, Seat Number - 27), which was not delivered to me. After successfully placing the order, i got a confirmation call from the merchant that stated that the merchant is aware about the delay in the train's arrival at CHHAPRA railway station and assured me that the meal would be delivered at the time of actual arrival of the train at the station. Upon the arrival of the train, no food was delivered to me, the merchant did not answer any of my calls, even though i contacted the merchant multiple times.The very next morning, i received a call from irctc for customer feedback, i asked them to lodge a complaint and provide me a complaint ID but nothing was done in that manner and the customer care employee on the other side was very rude to me, denying to register any complaint regarding this issue.I then booked a complaint on the irctc e-catering application, with complaint ID[protected]. The next day i was provided with a free coupon.This ridiculed me. Firstly, if the food could not be delivered, i should have been notified regarding the same, i was completely dependent on irctc for my meal so i had not ordered from any other vendor. The passenger travelling was my mother. She is 48 years old, and had nothing that day and was supposed to have the dinner at night that i had ordered for her. Secondly, no refund was generated for the undelivered food. What do i do with the coupon that i am provided with, with such a service, no passenger would ever order twice with irctc. The in convenience caused was very upsetting.I want a deep interrogation regarding this matter or i would have to approach higher authorities or the consumer court, Details that might be useful are mentioned below.Train Number - 22411Coach ID - A2Seat Number - 27PNR Number - [protected]Order ID[protected]Booking Date - 04/10/2017Irctc Application's Complaint ID[protected]Complaint Date - 09/10/2017 (08:29:37 IST)   
 मै सचिन कुमार शर्मा अपनी पत्नी वे बेटी के साथ ट्रैन संख्या: 16587 pnr no:[protected] coach no: b3 seat no: 1, 2, 4 में दिनांक 13:10:2017 को विजयपुर से अहमदाबाद के लिए सफर किया था। ट्रैन अहमदाबाद स्टेशन पे अपने निर्धारित समय से लगभग 1घंटा वे 50 मिनट विलम्ब से पहुची। मेरा अहमदाबाद से अजमेर के लिए ट्रेन no: 12957 pnr no:[protected] coach no:b2 में seat no: 9, 15 रिजर्वेशन बुक था। परंतु ट्रैन 16587 के समय पर नही पहुचने के कारण में ट्रैन 12957 में नही जा सका था। और मुझे टिकट cancel के कारण आर्थिक हानि रुपया 2400 हुई वे अहमदाबाद से मुझे रुपया 10000 लगा के अजमेर पहुचना पड़ा। ट्रैन के विलंभ से पहुचने के कारण मुझे आर्थिक और शाररिक हानि हुई। जबकि मेरा कोई दोष नही है। रेलवे से में अपने नुकसान की भरपाई चाहता हु।Pnr:[protected], train:16587, doj:13-10-17, 3a, bjp-adi, dep:n. A., Sachin+2, b3 1, b3 2, b3 4, Fare:3810, sc:0.0+pg+insPnr:[protected], train:12957, doj:14-10-17, 3a, adi-aii, dep:n. A., Sachin k sharma+2, b2 15, b2 9, nosb 0, Fare:2915, sc:0.0+pg+ins   
 Dear sir, Yesterday i am [protected] travelling from jammu to delhi by train no. 12478, during the journey, mr. Joginder kumar, miss behaving with us. Which is not acceptable for us, we are citizen of india, i can proudly say we are taxes payer of this country. And your department is service provider of nation. Please look in to this seriously.   
 Ticket nhi dena or passenger k sath rudely behave krnaMujhe sri karanpur se raisinghnagar jana tha m ticket lene pahucha to ticket de rhi lady ne rudely behave kiya or ticket k liya mna kr diya train chlne wali thi isliye mujhe bina ticket hi train pr chdna pda mujhe ese bura bhi lga but meri mjburi thi glti unki h m 15 min tk line me lga rha or fr bhi ticket nhi miliPlz unke against jitna zruri ho ske step uthaya jaye ese or bhi passengers ko problem hoti hThanks   
 Right now i am at mulati (Mty) station waiting for train gondwana exp. (12409) and by which i am going bhopal (Bpl) station, from there i am going jhansi (Jhs) by bhopal exp. (12155) in which my ticket is confirmed with pnr ([protected]). Now i want to know that if i miss the train would i get any refund? Or my ticket would get waste? Is there any provision of getting refund in this condition? Or you can transfer my ticket in any other train?   
 Dear sir,  Sub: not yet recd. Refund for (1) pnr [protected] & (2) pnr [protected] My onward journey was koaa to nfk vide pnr [protected] (27.09.2017) and return journey was nfk to sdah vide pnr [protected] (30.09.2017). As the train 13148, of return journey, had been cancelled by rly. Authority i have to cancel ticket for onward journey. Already 17 (Seventeen) days has elapsed till now i have not received refund amount for both the tickets.So, i request you to please take necessary action for the same.With regardsMrityunjoy dutta (M) [protected]   
 Shame on government shame on indian railways.. We r here to provide services only to the ac class.. Then y do u even have sleeper class coaches.I am travelling from jaipur to dhanbad right now by train - jodhpur howrah express 12308. I have a rac ticket in s9 55. There has been no tt visits to check my ticket or any body else's. So that i cud ask him for a confirmed seat if available.. There are 3 times more passengers in the coach than expected seats.. There are people with general and even no tickets in thos sleeper coach.. N everything in knowledge of police officers travelling in the same coach as well as tt who have just visited to take a round in the gallery and ofcourse not ticket checking.. Not only this..; there has been no water in the toilets since i have boarded the train.. N cleanliess is ofcourse not even a topic to be discussed. Its pathetic.Is this kind of service we have for common people who cant afford ac coach tickets..?? This customer care website has got 1% customer satisfaction.. N ur phone numbers are not getting connected.. I need an answer. Or else i will take it forward.   
 Name - s chatterjeeAge-31I have tried for tatkal ticket in poorva express online in irctc.com from new delhi to howrah on 16.10.17, journey date - 17.10.17 at sleeper class. The amount of rs. 817 has been deducted by railway but no feedback has been obtained nor my ticket has been confirmed. It is requested that the amount may b refunded to me.   
 Yesterday i was travelling from train no.19047 from patna to bhagalpur and three ticket checker come and ask for bribe i have general tickets so i deny to give bribe and give fine and make proper ticket as per rule but after that i see i told him toh cut all people who don't have ticket then one of them told me jayda rule mt shikao. Aur tumko jayda paisa ho gya hai.100 rs mein kaam ho jata those three are very bad to be free from corruption free railway. They take bribe from all. Plz do suspend those three who are on that time duty.Prashant kumarTata institute of social scienceMumbai   
 I had booked material from saharanpur (Sre) to balharshah (Bpq) on 10-9-2017 but not recieved yet till today date 16-10-2017 when i en quired about it in balharshah parcel office they told me that they dont have knowledge about it. Then i enquired in saharanpur station office they told me that it has been loaded in train no 12688 on 10-9-2017 hslr no 01724 but i have not recieved it yet its over month please help me to get my material thanking you sir   
 I've booked a ticket (11/10/2017) using rail yatri app from rampur to badshahnagar, train# 13020. Further details are: order id 158199Ticket amount - rs. 433.07Ticket cancellation amount : rs. 290.0Net refund : rs. 290.0During reservation, it was 280&281 wl, which later on journey date (14/10/2017) becomes wl 38 & 39. So finally we didnt had any confirmed seat as chart prepared so we didnt travel. And according to policy, if ticket not confirmed, the refund should be 100%. But we received less. We want our money back.   
 Pnr [protected]Journey dated 21.10.2017 of ganga kaveri express (12669) reservation from chennai central to chhapraTicket was prs counter ticket which was paid by credit card.It was cancelled on 10.09.2017 at bangalore bda complex reservation counter.As per the information given by the counter person the refund was supposed to get back in the concerned account within 7 days electronic refund process.It's been more than a month and refund is not yet received.   
 Sir it is very unconventional that there is no toilet facility in this train because in morning hour it became very uncomfortable to travel without being fresh with children. We are living in 21 century and not getting the toilet is very impractical. Kindly pay utmost attention in this regard. I hope you will take adequate step in this regard. Thank you   
 Train no.22413 Booking portal shows arrival time at ratnagiri us 13.20. When you look at railway enquiry and ntes apps, it shows 15.20 pm!!! I called inquiry no 139 and they also told me it is 15.20. What should i believe? Even private apps like ixigo also shows 15.20. I am surprised how two official websites give different information?Chaitanya maru   
 Hii sir i am lokesh i was travelled from stations "kcg" to "cto" stations at the time of ticket booking they are charging extra money on each ticket likely 10rs, i was asked about extra charge to my co passenger's they also tell that they charged extra money too bad, please take action against this because regularly they are collecting money in hyderabad at kachiguda railway station   
 Hello sir, I am traveling in train 14055 on the previous station buxar some person throw stones on train due to widow has broken and my father was injured so please arrange first aid facility at next available station.My pnr - [protected]Coach - s11 Seat 4Name - gauri shankar Train name - bramputramailPlease immediately arrange doctor or first aid facility as soon as next available station   
 On 13oct. Issue me sleeper class ticket from jodhpur to sriganganagar without mentioning super fast. Inspite of my verbal request.. My complain is that why sleeper class ticket with out mentioning super fast was issued to me while i have produced ac3tier valid warrant. While seat was available in ranakpurexp fm jodhpur to bikaner and bikaner to sriganganar in sarairohilla sf exp.. I am bsf employee and i have to travel in short notice due urgency of duty. Train was running. Seat was available.in ac 3 tier and i had a valid ac3tier warrant. Inspite of all above my journey from jodhpur to sri ganganagar on 13 oct17 was painfull. Kindly clarify the policy on above issue please   
 Irctc username :- mssingh00Platform used :- irctc connect appIrctc transaction id :- [protected]Train no. :- 12029 (Swarna shatabdi)Booking quota :- tatkalRoute :- new delhi (Ndls) to beas (Beas)Hdfc bank reference number :[protected]Mode of payment :- hdfc netbankingAmount :- 1056.80Date of transaction :[protected]I tried to book ticket on 10th october, 2017 for train number 12029 from new delhi to beas. During booking time, on payment page i entered the all credentials and press ok, after two seconds it shows me error. Money is debited from my account but ticket is not booked.I waited for 5 days to get my money back, but i still not get my refund back.I need my money back please do the needful.Thanks.   
 Dear sir, Kindly help urgently as the journey of mother is still on going. Let be brief the sequence of events of the same in the following paras:We have booked tatkal ticket in ac ii tier berth no. 13 for my mother neelaben, who is senior citizen from panvel to rajkot in train no. 16338 - okha express. The train started at 10.45 p. M. On 14th october, 2017 from panvel. Between surat and baroda, someone have theft the purse of my mother containing 20, 000 cash, one gold chain, one gold pendant, original aadhar card, pan card and may be other valuables, most probably attendant of the coach, who provide bedding etc. The mobile of my mother is also in the purse. The mobile no. Is [protected], which is now switched off by the thief. Still this time my mother is not reached at her destination at rajkot. Kindly take stick action against the attendant of the coach no. A 1 as we have full doubt on him and also on tc of the coach. At our surprise, no tc, security personal was available inside the coach, however indian railway charging security fees for each ticket. Kindly let me know whether the luggage are insured by the indian railway or not. My contact number is [protected] and email id is cs02hlmarthak@gmail.com.Kindly arrange to take immediate action on attendant to resolve the matter on priority.ThanksRegardsHitesh marthakSon of neelaben   
 I have got a rac seat.in which two passengers share a single seat i. E. The lower berth. The upper berth passenger is claiming that the half seat is mine for the day time. And he is not letting me seat there. And on his seat the upper one he has made seat his relative. He has captured the both seat up and down. Please send t. T and make solution for my problem. That person is talking very rudely and misbehaving with me.   
 Hi team, I have booked the tickets from ndls to gwl on 11th october from the train 12191.Here are the details of the tickets.Pnr no [protected]	train no./name: 12191 / ndls jbp sup expDate of journey: 11-oct-2017	date of boarding: 11-oct-2017	class: sleeper From: new delhi (Ndls)	to: gwalior (Gwl)	boarding: new delhi (Ndls)When we reached the station to board the train we found the announcement that train got cancelled. Even checked with the enquiry they even told train got cancelled.But it was showing the confirm tickets in the irctc. So, i tried to cancel the tickets then i got the message that after chart preparation we can't cancel the tickets.You can see in your records as well while booking the ticket it was showing that we will get the train form new delhi railway station we reached the same around 2 hours prior but as per the screen display & the inquiry information as well, there was cancellation of train, after that we left from ndls & reached nzm to get another train later when we tried to cancel our ticket in sriram express were not able to do that, in that case first of all we get disappointed from railway's team because we booked our train almost one and half month back we came from bangalore to delhi through flight & thought to get the train from ndls but nothing worked as per our plan due to end time train cancellation.At least we think railway's team should do a justice with customer to check whether what exactly happen with us, i am expecting you will go ahead & identify the exact cause for train cancellation at the last stage from new delhi railway station & kindly proceed for our refund.Please let us know in case if you need any other details from out side, thanks in advance   
 I was travelling in ii ac (Berth no :31 a1 coach) in falaknuma express from secunderabad to srikakulam road station by on 10 th october 2017. I kept my mobile phone (Samsung galaxy on 5 pro) for charging in the ii ac coach on a side table beside berth no:31. The train reached visakhapatnam station at 3.30 am on 11th october 2017. Suddenly as the train was moving from the platform, some unknown person entered and ran away by stealing my phone device. I saw the person, he is a tall and wearing a white shirt. I could not follow him as i was an old man of 66 years age and suffering from osteo arthrites (Oa) and walkng with the help of the hand stick. The same thing has been brought to the notice of the concerned tt. I got down at srikakulam station by 6.30 am on 11th october 2017 and a complaint has been lodged at that station with the help of the inspector sri. Ravikumar who is an extremely nice person. I came to know that my complaint was forwarded to visakhapatnam rs and i talked to sri. Venkateswara rao, inspector who is another excellent gentleman. On his advice, i have sent to him the imei numbers of the device. ([protected] and [protected]) the stolen phone is in black colour and it was purchased on[protected]. I will be grateful if u could kindly help me getting back the stolen phone as all the sufficient information is given. I am a retired scientist from a national laboratory, hyderabad and i was going to srikakulam for attending the board of studies meeting as its member in the dr. Ambedkar university. Once again i appeal u to help me. Further, i will appreciate if such things do not happen to anybodyRegards, Dr. V subrahmanya sarmaMobile: [protected]Address: plot no:129, h. No:1-49/6, street no:3Suryanagar colony, uppal x roads, Hyderabad-500039   
 I have booked one refrigerator and four packets household goods from bankura (Bqa) to ballery (Bay) station out of that i have received only refrigerator and three packet household goods packet, one packet is missing. I have contacted several times over phone to bankura and ballery station for my missing packet but they are not yet got any feedback. Kindly look the matter since so many important things are there in that packet. Consignment done via howrah (Hwh)Booking date-25/09/2017Total weight-3 quintalTin no. -19aaagm0289cizrPlease do the needfulContact no. Saheb dutta-[protected]   
 Hydrebad to rauxal exp. Delayed by 9 hours.. I want answers why delayed it.. Train arrived at 12/10/2017 from hyderabad.. No any road accident no any cause of fog.. Then why train delayed by9 hours. My pnr number is [protected]. My seat b2 35.. My number [protected].. I want now what is reason... If anyone see my complaint than give me immediately..   
 Respected sir, Please noted that dated on 6th october, 2017, we the under mentioned eight persons were passenger in the train 12334 bibhuti exp. From varanasi to howrah.That train reach howrah after 13 hours late running with a lot of bitter experience.. Neither a coach attendance nor a rpf were there for any assitance. We want justice. Please do the needful.Yours' sincerelyTapan das, namita das, tapati das,, tarun kanti das, harshadyuti nag (Pnr 233-5477437) & mrinal bhattacharya, alo pramanick, antara pramanick. (Pnr 233-5478108).   
 Dear sir / mam The ticket was cancelled on 2 octomber against the pnr no [protected]. On regualr basis the follow is going on from my side but there is no any positive response is happened from railway customer care team. The provided contact no ([protected]) is not picked up (Only one time picked and the executive said that the server is busy). On callinbg 138 or 139 they say that call to[protected]Please suggest how the communication can be happened if nether the reply on mail nor on phone is happened from the customer care no. Awaiting the positive response Regards, himanshu rai (Mobile no [protected])   
 Delay in train number 22482 delhi jodhpur superfast is delayed by 3hours 30 mins, horrible service of indian railway. We got a message at 8:30pm that train will depart from sarai rohilla at 1an. We reached here by 11pm as there is no proper transport services from my area now at 1am they are announcing that it will depart at 2:45. Sitting in open with lot of mosquitoes mosquitoes with two small kids. I request you to please don't harass passengers we are paying for the services you are giving us, it is not a free service.   
 Today when i was gone to railway station of mathura. During ticket counter the ticketer abuse me. He forbid to give me ticket. He refused to exchange money. Staion - bhuteshwar (Mathura area, up)Time 17:30 to 6:00 date 13-10-2017  He is only there at unreserved counter. I don't know more about that man. On that i had no time to complain to station master. My train is on platform   
 On my last journey it was noted that every stations about 30 passenger have been left from the train but passengers didn't get any seat from TT against priority of W/L. It is my humble request to Railway to allot seats to the passenger before prepared chart according to vaccant seats of next any station to W/L passengers & SMS on that basis before prepare chart .   
 This is in reference of train no. 13006 & 13005 amritsar to howrah (Up down) train late arrival & departure from last 7 days. This is creating problem to us in festive season like diwali travel to home. Please help us to get this on time before diwali, we have booked tickets from rajpura (Punjab) to shahjahanpur up dated 17.10.17 & return ticket dated 28.10.17.   
 In service, Sir, Jai hind, Himachal pradesh district kangra tehshil nagrota bagwan assembly constituency nagrota bagwan is requested to all the people that the northern railway station nagrota bagwan and northern railway station b/w palampur is located in the nothern railway station chamunda marg. This station has been built in 1974, along with several religious places and major tourist sites. People come from all over india visit and visit this station, and this station is full of crowd all day long. And passengers are faced with a huge problem due to lack of ticket facility. Many times, taking tickets from the front and back stations keeps the fear of accidents. Pessenger tickets are not available here for the following reasons. This station has been closed by the firozepur located in the senior commerce divisional officer and has stopped the purchase and sale of tickets so that many passengers have to be deprived of ticket travel.Therefore, the hunble prayer of all the people and the journeyers of nagrota bagwan, is to order that the station be re-operated smoothly, the ferozepur, located in the northern railway senior divisional officer, should be ordered shortly. It will be your great mercy.The residents of nagrota bagwan will always be greatful.Thank you   
 I have an account no. [protected] at sbi churchgate, mumbai. My revised ppo had been sent by eastern railway, kolkatta on 9/9/2017 and was received by cppc kolkata on 11/9/2017.Unfortunately till now i have not received revised pension and arrears. I have also not received d. A. Arrears. Please look into it and give me feedback on the following email:Msmathur_1999@yahoo.comThanking you, Mukesh sahai mathurRetired director irimee jamalpurPpo no. [protected]   
 From, Guru das roy, Qtr no. 6c -!/3, new town,, asansol, pin — 7133326 Mobile no : [protected], e mail add – gurudasroydgp@gmail.comSub : public grievances against a railway staff (Tc) postad at / working at/ onduty at durgapur stn., eastern railway (Asansol div) for illegitimate charge fined on a legitimate ticket holding passenger.Sir,  With due respect i, sri gurudas roy of an ex serviceman (Air force) would like to draw your kind attention for the following few lines which may sympathetically be perused for taking appropriate needful action at all required levels in indian railways (Specifically eastern railways, asansol division) so that the poignantly felt mental harassment due to illegitimate fines incurred /charged upon a legitimate ticket holding passenger like me is stopped. 1. I availed burdwan bounded asansol – buardwan emu passenger train with my family having valid passenger ticket no.83427571 dated 01.10.2017 for self and ticket no.83427570 dated 01.10.2017 for my wife and daughter leaving asansol at 0900 am on 01.10.2017 (Xerox copies of ticket are enclosed herewith along with fine excess fare ticket). 2. After boarding out of that passenger train at durgapur stn. I broke my journey there (Appx from 1005 to 1020 am) at platform no 1to receive my daughter’s mobile phone through my niece which she had left at my home town (Trilock chandra pur), my niece conveyed massage through mobile phone she would handed over it at entrance/exhit point at platform no. 1 at durgapur stn.Accordingly i approached to platform no 1 (Around 1025am to 1035am) to words the entrance point. There one ticket collector (On duty) at exit gate checked my legitimate passenger ticket no. 83427571 and illegitimately forced fine while putting false charge over me saying that i had travelled by express train/mail train (In the meantime and one mail/ express train also came at durgapur stn.) and i had over stayed at platform premises. He was not having any proof of his claim/ saying but i was holding solid proof of my valid passenger ticket.3. Hundreds and thousands of such kind of cases are happening and getting unnoticed over various rly. Stns.in india such kind of tc’s are to be given exemplary punishment by any means and while formulating reliable policy/ rules/ regulation/vigilantism, such kind of harassment with honest and innocent passenger is eradicated. Thanks with due regards anticipating your kind and sympathetic consideration and needful action after initiating necessary enquiry (Sir, you can checked my truthfulness may be justified over cc tv coverage) at all required levels or forums.  Regards. Date :13.10.2017 yours faithfully Gurudas roy.Encl:  As stated.   
 I have applied for online payment of pli (Aea plan) premium and i have given my email id & registered mobile no. For this purpose. After that i got a message from site that they will send a link within 24 hours and i have to confirm the login by clicking that link but i didn't received such link in my email id till now. So please tell me what i have to do for online payment of my premium? Thank you Mahipal Mb. [protected]   
 Your railway ticjet booking officer is sleeping during working hour. And jab maine unko ticket lene ke liye uthaya to rudel mujhe bola ki bolene ki tamiz ni h. So this is ur railways staf is way of talkinv to coustomer. I want to take a strict action on its. The incudent is happen at datia (Daa) railway station genral ticket counter. Other i file a complain on higher level   
 Horrible journey we faced in 12510 train on 9th oct 2017, i have confirmed reservation in s5 coach (My pnr no [protected]) 35, 37, 38 but no place to enter into that coach, it is looking like general compartment full of people everywhere (Max number of people doesn't have reservation tickets), even if we want to go to toilets also not possible to go, i waited for tc till rajahmundry but i couldn't found him, so i get down at rajahmundry and next day i came to bangalore by bus, loss of money, loss of time   
 This is regarding the tdr i file for refund as the train was late more then 3 hrs against (Pnr number [protected].)As per the mail received on 1 aug’ 2017 it has been rejected with the reason “passengers have travelled”. I was not travelled by the same train. I had booked another tatkal ticket for the same day (Pnr no is [protected] in durg - hzarat nizammudin humsafar exp.) and travelled with this train. How can it be possible that same passenger travelled by two different train.So i have filled the complain on railway's official website about this and post this complain i noticed that another tdr filled for the same. But this tdr request also cancelled by railways with same reason. How can it be possible that same passenger travelled by two different train.It seems that railways/ticket collectors sell the ticked to other passenger and marked it "passenger travelled" the are making a big fraud of allotting booked seats to the different passengers and earing money.I have all the evidences which proof that i was not travelled with the same train and the amt should get refund back to my account.Could you please reopen the tdr and refund the amount.   
 Submit a complaintI had parcel my bedding and books in single parcel from gwalior (Mp) indian railway parcel service on 23 aug 2017 with prr no.[protected] (Pwb/sdl-shahdol) for delivering in shahdol (Mp) but till now (Almost 2 months) parcel had not been delivered., and there is no correct information where is my parcel.. And parcel is missing. No information from gwalior or shahdol... It is quite frustating and disappointing. Plz helpI had also complaint ealier with complaint no. W/nc/jhs/[protected] but no action taken and complaint is closed. I am loosing faith from indian railway parcel service.   
 I purchased/ booked two tickets through irctc next generation ticket booking co. For train no.12412/ intercity express from amritsar to chandigarh on 29.09.2017 bearing transaction id no. [protected] pnr no. [protected] for date of journey 29.09.2017. There is no message for cancellation of train was sent to me on my mobile no. It is surprised that when my daughters gone to the amritsar rail;way station, the train was cancelled due to the agitation of farmers near jalandhar railway station. Uptill now amount of e tickets was not refunded to me. I wrote a mail to the customer care and e-tickets regarding this. Instead of refund to me, they replied that the train was not cancelled. Kindly check the matter and again inquired about this. Because i personally checked on that day for this train and the status of the train was shown as cancelled.   
 On 26/09/2017 i, akash shivani, was travelling in train no 12405 gondwana express in a1 coach on berth no 1 & 3. Around 01: 00 at night my wife noticed her handbag was missing. The handbag contained 2 purses, one watch, around cash of rs 8000/-, two mobile phones iphone 6s (No: [protected]) (Imei no: [protected]) & oneplus 3t (No [protected]) (Imei no: [protected], [protected]). The coach had very few passengers. The attendant was sleeping just beside on side lower seat. On reaching mathura i lodged a fir on 27/09/2017 but till date, we have no clue on it. While travelling we tried to trace the phone by an app, it was showing that mobile location was showing in the train. I am not sure but attendant may be a part of this theft.I request you to please look into the matter, the copy of fir is attached.   
 I am working for installation of wifi on station. From beas station i get a ticket of beas to pathankot and there on beas and enquiry person told me that u go first on amritsar junction then there u will get another train to pathankot. When i try to catch next train then one tc check my ticket and make a fine on me then i asked him for reason he didn't tell me any appropriate reason and when i told him to take me there higher officer he did not take me and forcelly takes money when i asked his name he did not told but he had a tattoo with name prabhu so this is the railway system that if i am working for them also i have to pay.   
 Pnr: [protected]Train no: 12401Train was delayed by more than 11 hours...Journey of 9 hours takes about 13 hours...It is a routine for the railway staff to delay this train and others... Keep the train at halt for half an hour or more at various stations where there is no stoppage...Problem faced regularly in allahabaad and danapur regions...Request check the movements of trains around these two stations and try not to stop the trains unnecessarily   
 Dear sir, i am gaurav kumar rathore indian citizen of hathras. When i was travelling from hathras to njp by kavi guru expres train no. 19709 on 10/10/17 my bag was stolen at katihar junction. The bag having about 2000 rupees, 2 sbi debit card, one iob debit card, my driving licence and my passport, all are stolen at katihar junction. When i want to fir / complaint in the train, the tt tellme, there is no rpf personnels in the traine. The disguisting thing which we noticed was that there were no rpf personnels in the train and even train superintentend was not present in the train on that day. Sir, this is a serious case which the authorities have to take care of. Now we are afraid to travel in train. Who is responsible for this? Sir who will answer to this? Please enquire the same and kindly take immediate action.Hope this will be considered seriously Truly yoursGaurav kumar rathoreSeat no. A1/43   
 Dear sir, As mentioned above i have tried to book my ticket on 1/10/2017 from bangalore to hyderabad through tatkal through mobile app. During the process amount got deducted from my account but ticket haven't booked. So i was waiting for my refund which i haven't received yet. So please look in this matter and kindly do the needful. When can i expect my refund as its already 7 working days done.Irctc txn id - 100000996793303Booking date - 01/10/2017Regards, Vinay kumar   
 We were group of 18 people travelling from raichur and secunderabad to jalna by train no 17417 tirupati to shiridi sai nagar in coach b2. We had our dinner very late by 11 pm and we all chatted and slept around 1 pm and one of our cousin got down at nizamabad station to get drinking water by around 2 am and he also slept by 2:30 am. Jalna was suppose to arrive at 6:30am and i woke up all by 5 am itself so that they can be refreshed as kids were along but when our cousin went to washroom she found her purse hanging there and when she checked that cash was missing and other stuffs were intact and when she came and informed all everybody checked their purses strangely found that cash to the tune of around 36000 from 3 of the purses. The attender the staffs were all reluctant to search or help us to raise fir nor they did coordinate. We suspect on the railway staff itself as the were avoiding us itself. Kindly enquire and solve our issue and one more important thing was we found two more guys who lost their mobiles and were complaining to the respective staffs even they didn't handle them properly and they were just saying to lodge complaint at their respective destiny railway stations.   
 The following tickets were cancelled on various dates and the refund amounts are yet to reach my bank account.1. Pnr no. [protected] lucknow-new delhi 1 passenger. Rs. 410=002. Pnr no. [protected] new delhi-kottayam 1 passenger rs. 1320=00 Cancellation was intimated to me vide email dt. 25/08/2017 along with  Refund amount as above. 3. Pnr no.[protected] kottayam-new delhi 1 passenger rs. 1555=00 4. Pnr no. [protected] new delhi-lucknow 1. Passenger rs. 410=00 Cancellation was intimated to me vide email dt. 08/09/2017 with  Amounts 5. Pnr no. [protected] lucknow-ernakulam jn. 1 passenger rs. 2095 Cancellation was intimated to me vide email dt.26/09/2017 Total refund amount = rs.5790=00 The tickets vide pnr no. [protected] new delhi-kottayam & pnr no.  [protected] kottayam-new delhi were booked on cash on delivery  (Anduril technologies pvt. Ltd, 843, tower-b, spaze i-tech park, sohna  Expressway, sector 47, gurugram, haryana - 122002).  The above amounts may please be credited to my canara bank, no 1  Vishal khand 5, gomti nagar, lucknow-226010, up, sb a/c no. [protected], ifsc code : cnrb0002534.  My irctc id is"nairrain" through which i booked the tickets and  Cancelled the tickets.   
 Train 12920 from jalandhar to new delhi was delayed by more than 9.30 hours for a distance of only 365 kms. I missed my connecting train to indore from new delhi due to this delay. It was informed that a scheduled maintenance was a cause of this delay. No prior information was given by the railway authorities. I missed office due to this mishap. Railways needs to take responsibility and refund my tickets.   
 Dear sir/madam, I am pradeep, daily passenger from hisar to adampur. Sir now a days kisan express 14519 is running very late, due to this a bulk of passengers are reaching much late at their home at night. And all plans to do something at evening time at home are ruining everyday. So please do some thing for us as soon as possible. We shell be thankful to you for this.   
 Respected sirI was booked ticket from s. A. S nagar mohali to beas with 2s from irctc web siteTransaction id:[protected] on dated 3.10.2017And Beas to mohali with 2s from irctc web siteTransaction id: [protected] on dated 28.09.2017 pnr number [protected]Dated 28.9.2017 ticket has booked. But due to some reason train has been cancelled. That's why i want back my money in my account.But dated 3.10.2017 my ticket has not booked but money is deducted from my bank account. And it showing failed transactionSo kindly i request u plzz transfer my refund to my bank account as soon as possibleI have thrice mail a complaint to etickets@irctc.co.in, Care@irctc.co.in but they not respondingPlzz do need full...   
 I have booked a ticket in tatkal a/c iii class for journey from anand to jodhpur journey scheduled on 01/10/2017 departure time o train was 11pm but train was let and came at12.36 night stopage of the train at anand is 2 miniuts. I stand at b4 coach indicator. When train arrived i try to enter in the coach but the coach was locked in side i knocked the coach many times but the door was not opened then i rushed to another coach luckily door of b5 was alredy opened i hardly enter in the train after start of train, in side the train i searched the attendant but no body was their.in entire journey nobody has checked my ticket.in this journey i had only one beg with me suppose if family with kids travel what happened. I am 61 year old person how i caught the train i could not explain. You please understand the situationPnr no.[protected]Ain	Train number :	22476	Coach no :	b4	Berth / seat no. :	36Status	addressed   
 Indian railways are unsafe and irresponsibleMy mother in law hand bag and wife wallet got stolen in udhyan express on 10.10.17 morning from 2tier a-2 seat no 32.32.33 at early morning in between adoni-mantralaya. All the doors were unlocked in the night.No attendant was available.No railway police force available in train.No tte available.Feeling unsafe to travel in indian railways. Feeling ashamed of indian railways. Cash around 25k got stolen and important documents. Pnr no. [protected]   
 Sir, i am a student and today (10/10/2017), i bought ticket from new garia to sealdah.. But i deeply regret my inconvenience as i did not buy a return ticket.. And the tt caught me... His first reaction was... Give 260.. As i did not had tht mney... I requested a cosideration as i am a student, and i was in rush and it's a matter of regret.. But then he asked me to show how much money i have.. I mean "dikhao kitna mney hai".. Wht sort of a question is this? "dikhao"??? Why? I said i had 150... Which is true... But he wants to check my purse and my backpack! After that, i called my guardian and there he talked with. My guardian! Which officer does tht! And there he said 140 deal, but i was not going to give him any money.. So he lowered his rate to 100... Thn 50.. And meanwhile, when i was calling my guardian he passed a cmmnt saying "give the ph to me"... I mean wht sort a govt. Employee he is? He was in civil dress and i truly did not saw any batch or, something like tht... And whn i ws so stubborn.. The another man (Too in civil dress without any coat or, batch) told me to go home... Now i wanna ask if they were really railway personnel or, complete fraud? Wht is this? If they r true employees thn why first 260, thn 150, 100, 50 these considerations? I dnt think govt. Produce so many receipt fr fines! It's my wholehearted request to stop harrasing ppl by frauds!   
 Hi team, My name is suma khan, iam from vidisha (Madhya pradesh) and from past 5 yrs iam staying in bangalore (Karnataka) and its very difficult for me, no stopage of karnataka train at my station and all trains are crossing by that route. Its my request to solve this prblm in next budget, atleast 1 train stopage shuld be thr, Hope for the bestThanksSuma khan   
 Sir, my maternal grandmother n grandfather was traveling from kota to bhubhaneshwar on 8/10/17 and during thier journey, at night my granny's hand bag was stolen. It was of black colour and on it it was written rich born, it was a simple bag n contained things like - her specs, her small purse inside the bag that had some money, some imp. Books too. If found pl. Contact to [protected][mr. S. K. Nayak]. Pl. Take immediate action for it.Thank you.   
 So upset to inform the poor facility of 2tier ac coach in kamakhya express including late schedule by 6 hours... So annoying things happening in indian railway at this modern time. 2nd tier ac coach is seems like a general coach, people without ticket block the seats.More over ac not working and nasty toilet. Broken water tap.Request to please take a look and prove this is very important.   
 Hello sir, With reference to the captioned subject matter, i am a resident of india and i want to inform you that dated 17th september 2017 at about 1.00 am, while i am travelling from beas to bhusawal junction in train no 12716 sachkhand express. I lost my hand bag, i am sure it was stolen by some body while i am taking train in the train between bina junction and itarshi junction.My hand bag (Colour black) having following things1. Two mobile phone : I. Model: redmi note 4 dual sim Color: black Imei no: [protected] Imei no: [protected] Ii. Samsung galaxy j3 pro duos gold sm3. Original aadhar cards4. Speaks (Chashma)5. Original driving licence.6. Around 11, 000/- cashKindly register my complaint and kindly request you to take any action immediately and also i request you to investigate this matter on a urgent basis and return my mobile as early as possible and obliqueThanking you, Yours faithfullyRajani sangtaniEmail: canikhilsangtani@gmail.comMobile:[protected], [protected]   
 59050 train runs late since years but since last 2 months this train runs late by more than 40 mins to 1.30hrs for almost 5 days in a week. Everyday commuters post across social media, does online complains, visits station master office, etc but no where we are answered. At station let it be surat, bilimora, udhana, they give so lame replies and are least concerned also and we can feel it from the way they reply us. No one at all is concerned about small issues in india everyone just wants to do big big but cannot benefit normal people and hear them.Disgusting railway management!!!   
 Dear sir, I have to travel with my husband, my sister-in-law son and with my little baby from lucknow to ghaziabad on 8 oct 2017. We have booked our tickets in the padmavat express in tatkal so that we travel comfortably and able to join our on time. But we missed the train as on the board the platform mentioned is 2 but train passes from 3. We suffers alot that day we have not got seat n another train also. We missed our join and lost health even my small kid get disturbed. I want my money back as well as my loss such as missed my job and the problems that we faced.   
 Dear sir, Today i am travelling from bharatpur to new delhi after taking general ticket from bharatpur railway counter when i asked to tte for make difference fare of sleeper class. He put my ticket and say for 100 rs i request for only make difference fare ticket after reaching at mathura he came and told me for penalty of 310 rs. When i request again he make misbehave me. And make a panalty ticket.I request you for control for this type of incident and travellers do a happy journey. RegardsVarun sharma [protected].Ticket no 69926242Penalty ticket no 525029Date 9/10/2017   
 Dear, we daily travel from akurdi to pune at 09.09 am and return the at 07.05 pm same, we travel in first class coach which is last in the train, in that coach some ladies travel and they fight with people every days because in the crowd by mistaken any one touch them, we told that ladies why you not travel in ladies coach but they not listen and scold on people and use abusing language, we also call to customer complaint number for many general people travel from first class coach but no action taken from station tc or rpf. Need action on ladies.   
 Hi i am satpreet singh today i want to go to delhi in shatabdi train but your train is late. I want to cancle my booking and i want my refund back which you cannot give me back. If you will not refund then i will do something like legal issue contact to me and solove my problem. I want cancletion because my othe ticket booked from delhi to ranchi and your shatabdi train is not reached on time thats why i cancle my both ticket and i want my full money back and cancle my ticket which is from amritsar to delhi. My contact no. Is [protected]. Contact me as soon as possible if not then i legaly case on railway. Help me othe wise face the problms. And i give negative view against you   
 In the village dhana shamshabad, railways constructed the underpass for crossing the railway track, however the water treatment not proper inside the underpass, even the little rain blocks the complete way and no way to cross it. The problem is affected more than 20 villages. I have attached 2 images of the location, i will added more if and rain will happened.Thanks, Detailed location address : dhana shamshabad, barari, mathura, near mathura refinery, 281005   
 Respected sirSince today i have booked ticket from rukadi to kalyan with 3berth from irctc mobile aapSince my ticket has not booked but money is deducted from my bank account. And it showing failed transactionSo i kindly request u plzz transfer my refund to my bank account as soon as possibleTransaction id: 100001007276054I have thrice mail a complaint to 	etickets@irctc.co.in, Care@irctc.co.in but they not respondingPlzz do need full   
 Valsad dahod train me general compartment me tickets lekar bethne vale passenger ko mst vale utha dete he so pls do something about this matter agar passenger ko general compartment me nahi beth ne dege to passengers kaha jayenge so pls do something mst vale general compartment me bhi apana rouf jamate he or passenger ko bethne nahi dete or agar koe passenger age se betha ho to use bhi utha k beth jate he so general compartment me es tarah ki problem ko pls solved kiya jaye   
 I am a student (Nataraj) persuing m. Tech in iit kgp travelling from bengaluru to kharagpur in 12509 gauhati express. My laptop bag containing a dell lap service no [protected] and my collage id and two atm cards and clothes was stolen around 6 :00 am at chennai station on 07/10/17. I informed tc, and all other service providers their response was not good. There was no rpf in the train. I was travelling in 3 tyre (Coachb2 seat 48). There is no privacy and security in 3 tyre coaches and you are providing facilities for sleeping. What is need for providing sleeping facilities without having safety for our luggage. How can some body travel in such trains.   
 Sir.. Jodhpur se varanasi ko jane vali train 14854 15 ghante deri se jane ki sambhavna he ish vakya ko sun_sun kar bheja fat raha he ye kesi vyvastha he 3 month pahle seat book karne ke bad bhi in samsyayo ka samna karna padta he, bahut paresani hoti he hamara imergency work tha 8/10/17 ko kanpur me berojgar he job ka interview tha kon jimmedar he ishka   
 Respected sir, I am the daily commuter between ahmedabad to baroda in intercity train no 19035. The departure time for this train is 18.20 and arrival time at ahmedabad is 8.30. But since last 1 year i had never seen that the train arrives at ahmedabad on schedule. Since last 1 monnth, this train arrives at 21.15 at ahmedavad i/o 8.30. Most of the daily commuter between ahmedabad to baroda comes in this train. Kindly take necessary steps to regularise the time as all commuter reach their homes at proper time. Thanking you and wait for positive responce.   
 Dear sir I have a book ticket pnr no [protected]. The ticket is not confirm and ticket is cencelled but todeya date is no coming amount to my bank account ticket amount is not refund  I am very said so please add amount to my bank account  Please refund my ticket amount Thanking youRamshwer sahu s/o ramsiya sahu Rewa madhya pradesh   
 13332 up pnbe-dhn intercity is running late regarding this i want to ask from railway enquiries. I called to railway enquiry kiul, jasidih i rang 3 times tojasidih railway enquiry but they don't pick up the phone. Now u say what would i do.. This is not the first time it always happen. I hope u will take some action regarding thisYours faithfully ritu raj Ritusonuraj@gmail.com [protected]   
 Dear sir, I am premnath pandey, i had my reservation in train no. 12369 kumbh express, dated 05.10.2017 from jasidih to haridwar at 5 pm, but the train was rescheduled for 10pm (Late by 5 hours) and actually came at 11.34pm. We were boarded in kumbh express (12369), in ac 3 tier coach 2b my pnr no. [protected], with my wife and other 5 relatives, when we get up in morning around 7.30 after varanasi station, we came to know that our trolley bag containing the amount of rs.25, 000 cash, 2 set of shirt paint, my wife 5 saree and other necessary things, was missing, i had informed the tt and attendant but nobody register my complaint, then i tried to lodge an fir at lucknow station but they told me to lodge an fir at my destination point and refused to lodge the complaint. I had missed my train in all the while, and my wife had to travel alone with other 5 members, i tried to call on your helpline no. 1512, and 182 but nobody was responding over there. So, you are requested to please suggest me what to do now, which kind of security you have provided even in ac coach. Please do the needful.Yours sincerely, Premnath pandeyVictim passengerContact no.[protected]Alternate no. [protected]   
 Sir i have been harassed for last 7 month for the refund of my ticket as i booked my ticket According to them my ticket was booked during currency closed time and the amount is more than 5000 (Five thousand only) so the money would be deposited in my account but till date there is no such refund. And officers sitting at patna station and biskuman bhawan are harrasing me and making me run from this place to other. So i kindly request you to plz see forward and sort my problem because i m feed up with their harassment and rude behaviour.Sir i have done the attachment of all the papers.Jyoti Patna, bihar [protected]   
 Dear sir/madam, I had booked a ticket from sholapur to yeshwantpur in 2a for the date 02/10/2017. Ticket was on waitlist. Neither got confirmed nor got cancelled. I was charged 765 rupees for the ticket. This is second issue i'm facing in the last 10 days. I kindly request you to revert back on this issue at the earliest and process the refund.Thank you   5
 I am waiting at the station for the tatkal 2ac ticket since morning at the time of tatkal reservation the printer stopped working and the reservation counter person not even responding to the answers when it is going to get rectified and what happened, why u stopped selling tickets. What kind of service it is no proper functioning of the system equipment now the entire tickets got booked, because of that improper service i paid 3500 rs instead of 2500 rs who is going to pay the rest of the money   
 सेवा में श्री मान जी निवेदन करना है की प्रार्थी ने मई 2017 में बिकलांग प्रमाण पत्र नवीनीकरण करने के लिए डी आर एम आफिस झांसी में जमा किया था किन्तु 5 माह बीत जाने के बाद भी प्रार्थी के प्रमाण पत्र का नवीनीकरण नहीं किया गया जिससे प्रार्थी को बहुत परेशानी हो रही है। अतः श्रीमान जी से निवेदन है की प्रार्थी का प्रमाण पत्र नवीनीकरण करने के लिए आदेशित करे आपकी महान दया होगी।   
 My pnr no. Was [protected] and date of travel was 03-oct-2017 and the train number is 12802 (Puroshottam exp). The coach no. Is s5. When we boarded the train from gaya station we saw that our seats were occupied by general passengers. Even after making repeated requests the general passengers are reluctant to leave our seats. We have to fight with them to get our seats. Even the ticket checkers of the train did not supported us. He only said that "what can i do". The coach is full of general passengers. The ticket checkers are settling the matters with general ticket holders by taking bribes. We book tickets 4 months earlier so that we can travel comfortably. But here we are face so much difficulties. Railway department should look in this matter   
 I raghav mantri travelling in humsafar (22705) from delhi safdar jung to ambala. The train timing is for arriving at ambala was 1 pm but till now it has not arrived.This train has no stoppage from delhi safdar jung to ambala but this train has stopped many times (More than 5) for 30 minutes. I need the immediate response why this train get late after reaching delhi.   
 Please note that i have a reservation code pnr no [protected], dated 27/08/2017, i have received message that the train has been cancelled and i have taken the another ticket in other train, and when i want to cancell the ticket i got message that train is cancelled refund will be done automatically but latter on train is resumed.Please find attached screen shot of the cancellation window.I have filled online complain but every time i get replied that complain is closed. Complain no for your ref w/wr/bct/[protected]   
 Dear sir /madem mera pnr :[protected] train:12475 date of junrny[protected] sl, rtm - jat pratik parmar s9 4 no sleeper seat, sir mere trolly beg subah mathura se delhi ke beech kisi ne chori kar liya he train me na police he na tc he complent karne me b problem he pls help me my contect no.[protected] pls help me and send me replay as soon as. Thank you   
 This is not a compliant but suggestion.. This train 16525 has all new coaches. I regularly travel in 2tier.. The water mug is kept in left side and is really hard to rinse. It shud hv been in right which is a pure design fault.. Also mostly water is not available to flush which makes passengers uncomfortable and toilets as usual smells bad.. Railways shud do smtjg innovative on the hygeine part which is pathetic on most of trains   
 Dear sir, I am avinash harne was travelling to raipur from nagpur on 2 nd of oct17, boarded in train (Train no. 18239 shiv nath exp) at 11.35 pm at nagpur, i lost my mobile handset (Samsung grand duo) in s4 coach after durg station, before durg station i have checked, mobile was with me. Kindly consider my application and returned my mobile handset if any body submit my mobile handset to railway police or board. Thanking you.My details are, Avinash harne[protected] Mowa raipur.   
 I want to know that why this system is not treating train no.12191 (Shridham super fast exp) nzm-jbp equally. Is a record of it.. It is getting late everyday. I’m sitting from last 2:30 hours in this train. Firstly it was standing for 1 hour at new delhi station and then half an hour at the outer of hazrat nhizamuddin station and then at present standing in nzm station for last 1 hour. Your “great” management is continuously passing trains and getting this train late.. I request you to do something immediately... As all the passengers are getting angry. Plz check the status of the train. And i request you to plz remove super fast express from the train’s name.   
 Dear sir, i have reservation in train no. 18183 dt 29.09.2017 pnr [protected] from tatanagar to jasidih (Jsme). My connecting train is utkal exp (18477) from puri to tatanagar. Utkal exp timing in tatanagar is 6am but it arrive in tatanagar at 9am dt 29.09.2017. Therefore my next train 18183 left the station at 8.20 am. And i suffer from many problem with my old & child member. I contact to station manager tatanagar but deny to any help because of e ticket. Therefore i requesting at least please refund money.Passenger name_.  B tiwari 34 m c1 65A tiwari. 29 f c1 62C devi 64 f c1 63R n tiwari 70 m c1 64A k trivedi 55 m c1 55   
 Dear sir, I hv booked tickets from irctc website and file tdr due to partially cancelled. Pnr no [protected], complain no: morly/e/2017/17143. Made complain twice but didn't got any resolution. Case was closed without given the money credited in my account.The money is approved by northern railway on 30 aug but refund is not credited in my account. Kindly see the case on priority basis.   
 Dear sir, Today 4/10/17 train number 22132I am a physically handicapped person having the disability of amputation to my right leg. First i should thank providing a separate disabled coach for exclusive disabled persons. But regularly in this coach non-disabled passengers are travelling and not allowing the disabled persons neither to sit nor to board the train. The railway authorities is failed in implementation part of separate coach. Though there is a penalty of rs. 500/- for boarding non disabled persons into disabled coach, no tte is visiting to this coach to check. If anybody want to travel ticketless the disabled coach is the safest coach. The police personnel who is suppose to safeguard the system allowing non disabled passengers by taking petty amount.   
 Sir, I am traveling from ayodhyapattam to chennai egmore train number 11064, i have simple general ticket but general compartment is full so i boarded in sl coach, when tc came i told him to make my challan slip but he didn't and start misbehave, he take money from someone else and give him seat. I don't know the name of tc but please check and take action., otherwise i will file a case against him.   
 Dear sir, This is to bring to your knowledge.On 29th sept-lucknow double takker tt did not came even once to inspect the ticket.As i was carrying some water based paint so i was allowed after i paid 250/ to security at x ray counter as i have no option to deposit at gate as i was supposed to return after couple of days.While on me return on 2nd oct on gomti exp again no tt came to check the ticket and un reserved passengers made journey difficult as i can not access wash room as people were standing on way.Why no tt comes in day time?Govt official get best salary & privileges for doing nothing.Regards   
 I booked ticket in train 13238 (1/10/17) which was scheduled to come on swm at 4:25 pm but it came on 2/10/17 at 2:45 pm and now instead of managing its time it is getting more late. I am writing this at 4:14 pm (3/10/17) and still in the train.This train is currently 28 hrs late and getting more late.Kindly see the issues as india do have people who have some value of their time.Thanks   
 Sir we have daily travel between "nidaghatta halt to kengeri bangalore".The train timing to nidaghatta halt is 7.10.. But it daily comes 25 or 30 m late.My office began in 9.00 am. But we are going daily in 9.20 or 9.30 am.My boss strictly warning me. Otherwise he cut my sallary.So many people are suffering from delead train. Plz take a action sir, and also We complaint nearest stations. No use. Plz solve this problam sirPlz help us   
 Dear sir, This is in regard to my pnr no -[protected]. I booked the reservation sheet dated 20 june 2017 in uchahar exp in 3 ac. At that time i got 2 confirm sheet in b2 coach. Sheet no was 15, 16... As i am married person and staying with my wife and little child in delhi last 5 year. So my sheet was confirm so i thought i don't need to check pnr status... Today i check pnr for train timing at time i saw that train is cancelled. I was totally shocked beacuse how will i go to my home town with my family.. Now a dayz every train is showing waiting list.. So i request you to pls help me.. Thanks Tarun [protected]   
 Excess fare refund claim submitted to passenger refund section scr railnilayam sec bad on 20-2-2013 claims rejected just referring rly time table guidelines towards my refund claim of 2 and time collected full fare by tte on duty through excess fare ticket on train no.12792 of 18-2-2013 for our journey from m. Sarsi yo sec bad by coach s 12 with 3 confirmed berths of jvsm prasad 57 and j padmakumari 51and j sowbhagyam 88 years on failure to produce original rly counter issued ticket to tte sincd ticket was lost while boarding train due to pickpocket. Even though xerox copy of original lost ticket was produced to verify in chart listed self names and ages with our aadhar photo ids tte collected full fares and allotted us same berths which were reserved by us originally. A refund claim was submitted on 20-2-₹013 itself at scr rail nilayam refund section after confirming from scr sec bad stnyard tc office computer system stating our original lost 3 tickets status as not cancelled even after arrival of train at destination on 19-2-2013. As such the railways collected 2 full fares for each passenger just because original ticket was lost. Even a net booked ticket zerox copies and sms messages are considered for journey by railways why a xerox of rly counter booked lost ticket is not considered by tte. As refund claim was submitted in time with negative reply with no scope for s normal passenger like me to approach rly higherups though kept silent all these years with no option and now having had mobile technology advancement having known mail ids of scr higherups representations have been sent thro mails. I request for refund of full fare collected for 2 and time by tte since original lost rly counter reserved ticket status after arrival of train to destination revealed as lost ticket not cancelled and thereby 2 full fares are collected by rly. Which may be refunded.   
 Respected sir, sEvery day running train late from patna to jehanabad or gaya as per today attached file time departure list as per today jehanabad arrival time showing 9.50 am but actual arrival time 10.10 am all are requested to please check from system error or any last 2 day same time showing arrival or departure patna to jehanabad total distance 45 km but time taken approx 1.45 hr please solve   
 We were going to travel from duranto express on the night of 29th oct '17 from delhi to allahabad. We had our train from new delhi railway station. We went for dinner on teh next platform to the government pantry. There we inquired about the availability of the menu options, to which the staff member named 'amit kumar' said that they had only 1 option: thaali worth 100rs. I re-checked the menu board, where the price of thali was rs.35. I checked with him again & he said that there was only thaali available for rs.100. Quiet suspicious, but we took that. Once our thaali came, we found that there was no curd / sweet as mentioned by him. Also, while eating, we asked the people eating next to us, they said that they had got thaali for rs.35 only. Also, many other food options were available. We stood at the counter for some time & found that amit kumar judged on the basis of dressing & appearance & gave the thaali priced rs. 35 for rs. 100. I also took a photograph of him. Please take some action so that they do not cheat the people.   
 I have complain about tickets checker that they should help passengers not harass them to brought money in the form of penalty to complete their target if passengers are in trouble, they talk and behave rudlyWithout telling rules of traveling only give slip and argue After changing departure rout of train passenger rush run to catch running train unfortunately he is not able to take ticket bez he might miss the train, in that situation what passenger will do...   
 We have traveled from secunderabad jn (Sc) to howrah on 30th september 2017 by foluknuma express (Pnr no. [protected]) and reserved berth no. 27, 28 and 29. We have not seen any sweeper or housekeeping staff in the b2 compartment and gradually the compartment and adjacent toilets became a hell in 26 hrs journey period. It was come to know after few time that cleaning staff are absent and tt told us nothing to do. It is very much shocking to us during observing swachha bharat pakwara is going on though out the nation whereas a reserved and paid passengers are not getting minimum cleanness in their train journey. Please look at the matter and do needful and assure that it should not be happens again.   
 I have booked two tickets one was in waiting and other was in tatkal which got in waiting just in 30 secs of payment duration though it was showing 40 availbl before booking. But both of my ticekts did not confirmed. I did not travel and i did not even get my money back. Indian railway got pathetic. They are just exploiting common man. Neither we are getting our money back nor quality. They have raised tje fares in the form. Of dynamic charges etc. We are only getting fooled.   
 I have taken memu from rohtak to delhi junction today i. E. 02.10.2017 initially train was delayed 12 minuts, covered almost since reached dayabasti rly stn,., but at dayabasti train stopped for 50 minutes as per driver he talked somebody but disconnected by other side, train was stopped for crossing for bareilly intercity, which already delayed and could not reached rohtak and limited to bahadurgarh. Since train reached at delhi at 4.05 i missed ghaziabad kosi emu, i waited for next train which was supposed to arrive at delhi at 4.45 came at 5.50 and since 5.50 it reached new delhi at 6.40 started from next. Delhi at 7.20 and at present 7.45 not yet reached h. Nizamuddin and already delayed by 2.30 hours i humbly request you to please understand the value of time of the people it is not right time for high speed bullet train, but to correct our present system preference wiseSafety Timing Availability Thanks & regards Manish kalra   
 Train number 76505 memu is starting from bangalore cantonment to kolar via krpuram, hoodi bangarpet the said train number ie 76505 is not stopped at hoodi halt station on 2/10/2017 without having any reasons due to said reasons passengers who want to get down at hoodi halt faced huge problem like wisewho want to go to kolar from hoodi halt faced problem kindly take necessary action against the pilot of train number 76505   
 I am traveling in 14649 from madhubani to sonipat train is 14 hrs late when we started our journey and as of now it is delayed by 19 hours and the train ac is not working properly water is not available so it is very tough to travelAdding to our agony the train is withheld many times and its greeting even more late So plz provide water at ayodhya in train no 14649And also see the issue with acMy pnr no is [protected]   
 I am traveling from anvt termi al to gorakhpur by train no 04010. The expected arrival of train to gorakhpur is 2.45 but at 3.52 it has not been arrived to gonda railaway station despite this route is double lined and not so busy. I don't know why these people are keep waisting time of passengers. They don't care about them. I have a important work to do today. My pnr no is [protected]   
 For how many more days are you guys going to say indian railways is a big network and we need time to resolve problems? Our train is stuck in the middle of a literal forest and these guys have switched off the ac quoting some cut in the engine coupling? Why are you guys charging like hell (For all purposes tatkal/premium tatkal/spl charges) and torturing the customers like this?What's the need of speeding at 113 kmph odd if the engine / route is not capable of handling the same and applying emergency brakes to halt it within 4.5 mins? Do you guys wanna play with people's lives like this? Are the lp/alp really trained to handle express trains?W/sr/mas/000270705Train number: 12610Stoppage at tiruvalam station for the last 40 mins approxIssue: coupling cut! What?   
 I had a ticket with waiting list of 5 which was not clear and i will get the money return after deductiong cancelliation to indian railway where m not at fault. I booked tatkal ticket in amritsar shtabdi from jalandhar to delhi. When i booked it was 39 tickets availbl and while booking or proceeding payment it got 23 waiting with in few seconds. I was shocked to see how could it possible. Now if my tatkal ticket will not confirm my all amount will be wasted. Indian railway sucks. Things have been deterioting since modi joined in. All the fares have been increased multiple times still no quality in services.   
 Hi, I went to cst, mumbai to catch a train for pune. My train was at 6:40am but i reached station by 5:00am. I had a cc ticket and when i went to ac waiting room on platform 15, it was very very crowded. The staff present at the gate who generally overseas the records of the passengers visiting the waiting room was very busy watching movie on his mobile. He was least bit interested in keeping track of the people present in waiting room. I am pretty much sure that 30% of people in ac waiting room did not have adequate ticket. Moreover there were police constables who were just passing time and were out of place. If this is the kind of service that is offered after spending so much on tickets then i don't think railways deserve any support from the commuters. Please check the condition for yourselves. It's pathetic. Oh! Sorry i forgot, in order to check the situation, you all also need to work.   
 Its very unfortunate that railway does not bother to find out whether patform lifts r working or not, then y r they installed? On 29thsept17at 3:10a. M i along with my mother in-law 76yrs, my father 77yrs, my mother 66yrs had to board 19453/gimb puri exp, our reservation was on coach b2 which is nearly 100-150 mts from foot of the overbridge in platform no.5.I humbly want everyone to realise the situation and the pain we all went through just because the lift was not working. At 2:45 a. M no porter was available how we managed i just want railway to think once on atleast humanitarian grounds. Does railways clearly indicating us plz do not travel with senior citizens or our parents??   
 We had to use the retiring room in august’ 17 at secunderabad railway station. Since we arrived midnight as there was no other option and we had to spend only 5hours we decided to use the ac retiring rooms. The person in charge and the supervisor informed that the rooms cannot be booked as they are booked only online they informed that we can see the room ac and non ac room and decide. We saw both the room both where in very pathetic conditions the non ac was in a very worst condition no proper cleaning and filthy we decided to take the ac room as it was bit better. On confirmation of the room the person inchrge informed i don’t require to book the room with 1200 rs and i can get the room by just paying 500rs with no receipt. When we questioned why rooms are not clean and maintained the person in charge told that the cleaning and other guys are not available / strike.The ac room sofa was covered with dust, all the space was dusty and we have to clean space before keeping our bags and any items. Why can’t the rooms be maintained properly, passenger make payment he deserve to have room in ood condition.If the rooms are maintained like this in one of the metro cities and one of the busy railway station of the country which gives passenger very bad experience and passengers avoid to book the railway retiring rooms.   
 Greetings sir, we have a great indian railways system how much great means if the train capacity is 500 people means but we are giving the tickets 700 and 800 like that what about that 200 and 300 people of the train is late alternate another passenger is available means the tt won't accept at least to stand then why you are giving the tickets, you are responsible if the train is late why we have to trouble because of your system. Really i very unhappy and very sad because of this system. Today i faced a problem that i got a ticket from tenali to machavaram, the train is running late after i am getting the ticket another passenger train has arrived so all passengers are used this train to travel so you (Central railway) are the responsible for that, so there is no that much space and seats are not available at least no space for standing in general coaches so some passengers are trying to travel on reservation coach the tt has fired on us and get them out, so what is the situation what he is doing we know what is the train capacity general coach so you have to arrange the extra coaches on next station or you have to give alternate. Really my respectable indian railway sirs please change the system please please   
 Dear all this is rajendra sharma started my journey by tarin no 12968 jaipur chennai exp on 29th sep 2017 in coach no s7 rac 23, immediately after 5 min journey i was hit by anti socialist by a glass bottle with one co-passenger and got hurt badly complained to tc no action taken only by fellow passengers gave first aid cleaned all glass liquor spread.On same night in between 1:30am to 4:am someone stolen my hand bag in which two mobile (Samsung a7 and core 2 duo) 2gold rings also cash rs.12000+, pan card aadhar card and some other valuable item were there.I raised complaint to tc and tried online complainant at 182 raised the issue to rpf security guards every one tried to transfer to others finally mr. R h chauhan at itarasi came and collected my all details but he also didn't give any acknowledgement at last thought of raise complaint at chennai grpf but here also no one was ready to take complaints, i approached to many senior officials but i was informed to raise only online complaint with ujjain police. Really the entire system is not ready to take responsibility of passengers. If any one can suggest me something what action i should take further please do inform me at [protected], er. Raj81@gmail.com.   
 Pnr number : [protected] booked on 25/08/2017 passenger-1 f-57 Train no.12311 from howrah to kalka 3a rs. 1805/ doj 20/10/2017Showing rac/14 which is still rac/14 after 55 days. I myself booked the ticket from the window at solan standing in q. Hanged?? Ticket booked 55 days before the doj : 20/10/2017No cancellation in 35 days??Or chart not prepared hanged long 02 months before the date of journey?? What is wrong with indian railways booking system??Pnr number : [protected] rac/14 on booking date - 25/08/2017 and on 30/09/2017Still rac 14   
 Train was about to depart from Kolkata station at 29-09-2017 at 22:45 . But it was firstly delayed by 14 hours then it was further delayed by about 16 hours and finally departed at 14:47 on 30-09-2017. Again, train is further delaying by mire than 5 hour during journey . Due to this issue we might miss our next reserved train please take care of this issue. We claim to get our fare back for such a late train.   
 While travelling sabari express, gents are come to the ladies compartment, then they are looking to laddies some kind of there wants. Why gents are coming to laddies compartment? We also hearing some kinds news report's of sexual harassment and crimes. Its can be overcome, there a railway police to check every station while arriving the train. Please sir/madom take an action immidetly.   
 सर मेरा नाम तेजेन्द्र कुमार साहू है में बिजुरी से दुर्ग की यात्रा अम्बिकापुर से दुर्ग ट्रैन से कर रहा हु लेकिन सर किसी ने मेरा वॉलेट चोरी कर लिया है जिसमे मेरे फैमिली के लिया लिया गया टिकट था हम सात लोग यात्रा कर रहे है जिसमें मेरे id card, आधार कार्ड, 2745 रूपये और टिकट था सर मेरी समस्या का समाधान कीजियेतेजेन्द्र कुमार साहूमोबाइल नंबर [protected], [protected]   
 Dear team, I am very fed up with the indian railways system i have booked the two tickets in which i have to face two problem1- first ticket is booked for the 22nd sep journey from kanpur-jaipur train 14865 which is cancelled by your side of which i didnot received any notification on mail nor my phone.Resulting i have to face trouble in night near about 1.00 am by visitng the station with my father who is senior citizen. If you willl give me intimation then i can plan my journey. I have to cancel whole plan.2- second ticket which i have cancel on today which is booked from jaipur to cnb for[protected] due to the first train cancelled by you. Resulting i have to face the cancel charges.Now i want my money back of both tickets and compensation of loss of time and efforts of mines due to your worst and disorganise railways system. Only bullet train launching is not much and good to improve the existing railways is much more important.Your customer service no is not available by which i can seek the imeediate response.Pnr no are as follows :-1-[protected] (Cnb-jp)2-[protected] (Jp-cnb)I want the whole ticket amount and also the compensation for the loss which i occured.   
 I was travelling from jalandhar to kota from train no. 19806 in sleeper coach on 21 sept 2017 and next day early in the morning near old faridabad my purse got stolen which contains 3 phones (Lenovo vibe k5 imei no. 861895039904751, samsung galaxy j7 and nokia) and my two id cards (Voter id and college id) and cash around rs. 3000. There was no rpf or tc present in the train whole time of the journey.   
 The passenjers are paying but the sleeper classes are most dirty. Bathrooms/toilets arenever cleaned. I am travelling in 13021 mithila express. The bathroom and seats are horrible. Before launching luxury train pay attention for the cleanliness. Swach bharat project of pm cannot be successful. Please pay attention as we are paying but not getting minimum service from you.   
 We are living at very interior part of chhattisgarh india. My sister with two children is coming to our town ambikapur, there is no stoppage of new delhi - ranchi rajdhani to aligarh jn so we want stoppage of new delhi - ranchi rajdhani to aligarh jn for 2 minutes on 20th december 2017 our arrival station is garwa road from were we have to go around 200 km to our town ambikapur so please accept my humble request.   
 I had booked e-ticket and payment made by my atm card, due to heavy rain train was cancelled not reached at boarding, the rout was diverted. I did not got the refund.in this regards i have had the detailed discussion with the railway authorities and emails has been sent time by time but due to negligence of railway till date deducted amount not credited to my account.   
 Dear team, I was traveling from haridwar to howrah by train no 12370 at b2 (64 pnr no. [protected]) on 28/09/2017. I have seen ticket checker allotted seat no. 63, b2 to personal illegally by taking bribe of rs 700 from lucknow to patna. It is very shameful action to indian railways system.Please take action to that corrupted ticket checker.Thanks & regards, Ranjan majumder+91 [protected]   
 I booked a ticket in transaction id [protected] for pnr number [protected] on 16 - sep-2017 20:36:19 hrs. I cancelled it 1 month before on 29 september2017 from the schedule journey. I get money back only 60 rupees where as i paid 420 rupees for the tickets and cancelling 1 month before from schedule journey (29-octber-2017). Please take necessary action.   
 I had booked a ticket on train 22684 lucknow-yeshwantpur, pnr no:[protected] for[protected] which was waiting list 1 and 2 at the time of booking. Though the train has already left lucknow on[protected] at 630pm, the status of my pnr says"chart not prepared" in all the railway online portals and i am not able to know the current status of my ticket which makes me suspect that foul play is involved in not letting passengeres know the current status of their ticket possibly due to the heavy traffic of the festival season.   
 Travelling frm pune to new delhi by train #11077 27 sep 17. My luggage ticket#b662623. But it cud not traced at railway stn. Very dissatisfied and dejected due to poor management. As per railway staff as the and i was supposed to take my luggage for participating in an upcoming painting exhibition hosted in shimla. I have come all the way from pune for participating in this painting exhibition. I request that i get my luggage immediately at new delhi so that i could travel to shimla   
 On 27th september around 1.00 pm when pinakini express arrived in platform no.4 by which my sister aged around 70 was travelling. I asked the vehicle driver to carry (Lying free) me from the passenger seating place near higginbothams at central station chennai to platform no.4 he told battery is getting charged it will take another half an hour to get charged and asked the other vehicle which was there he told that it is not working for past one month. Please do the needful so that thesethings are utilizedto the optimum by senior citizens   
 I have booked ticket from idain railway counter (Prs ticket) for train no.22834	and name:bbs humsafar, from tirupati (Tpty) to visakhapatnam (Vskp) for 28.11.2017. The price was showing rs.1030. So i was ready for booking two tickets by giving 2x1030=2060 rs. But my ticket was booked at indian railways counter ans asked me to pay 3490 rs. He booked the ticket without asking me the higher pricing, that cost me more than 1430 rs extra. He saying it is due to dyanmic fare of the trai. But for this type train when a customer come for booking tickets with one amount but certainly increase more than 50% amount so railway booking person should asked his consent. But he booked the tickets without my consent and i had to pay extra more than 50% amount. Which is extra burden for me. And i don't able to pay this extra amount and railway authorities should refu nd my full money back to me without taking any cancellation charge. And this also done very soon so that i can get back the money and can able to book another ticket by this money which is affodable to me.   
 I srinivas from hyderabad, i've boarded the train on 25/09/2017 @ 8:05pm venkatadri express train no :12797 from kacheguda to chittoor. At 26/09/2017 morning when i woke up at 4:30am i realised that my trolley bag was theft by someone which have unused clothes of my sister's & son in law's worth of rs.20, 000/- if any one of u found my bag please do inform us by calling my number 7396-842-843. Thanks.   
 Irctc — tdr status shows cr registered bt refund amount not received46 reviewsNe neeehha39 on nov 22, 2014 submit a complaintHi support team, I have booked a ticket from irctc site onlineTo ald for ndls on 20 aug, 2017 And date of journey was 24 aug, 2017.For reason train delayed more than 3 hours andThe passenger has not traveled, i filled the tdrFor the same in irctc against my ticket and theStatus was turned to cr registered, but theAmount was not refunded yet.I am not sure what else i might be missing toGet amount refunded. Please let me know what iCan do further or else you can drop a mail to prachirastogi38@gmail.comTicket details: Do transaction :- 20 aug 2017.Pnr number :- [protected]Reason for tdr: train late more than three hours and passenger not travelled.Tdr filing date: 24-aug-2017 22:39:18 hrs Tdr status: cr registeredCancellation id: 100000179776023Tdr zone: northern railway (Nr)Warm regards, Prachi rastogi   
 Respected sir; This is to inform that grey colortrolly bag has been stollen from 19024 train date 28/9/17.. Between kota and ratlam station.. Which includes goldornamemts worth rs around 50k.. Documents of result. Ba. Ma.. On the name of kiran and apparel. My pnr no. [protected]. Kindly look in the matterand do the needful. My name is suraj prakash mobile no. Is [protected].   
 Dear sir I bought a mail express general ticket for 3 adults and 2 children worth rs 480/- at akbarpur (Up) on 25th sept from akbarpur to patna jn for patna-kota express or farakka express whichever would have come earlier, but unfortunately both the trains got unduly delayed for more than 10-12 hrs, i cancelled my trip and came back by car. When i tried to cancel it at the ticket counter they told tickets can be refunded within 3 hrs of purchase. Where is my fault, i waited for 4-5 hrs for the trains and after getting clear position of undue delay i wanted to cancel it. The ticket no are 53203074 and 53203075 purchased at 10.35 and 10.36 am respectively separately issued for children and adults on 25/09/2017. I am in a loss of rs 480/- without any fault from my side.I request the authorities to kindly take action to get my money back.   
 Hi, i ve booked counter ticket in cuttack vide pnr no. 610-6349020 dtd. 25.09.2017 train no. 12073 with travel date 27.09.2017 from hwh to ctc with wl 167. Finally the chart prepared with wl 58. Later they changed the status of train rescheduled to 18.15 in stead of 13.25. I decided to travel by other train going early and did a current reservation in coromandel vide pnr no. 660-6405624. Went to cancell the ticket of 12073.in the counter the executive told "current rescheduled time is 2.50 min, if you cancel it now even if with wl status you ll not get any refund. But if you wait till the departure and it get delay by 10 more minutes then you ll get full refund. You can cancel it in cuttack even but in cuttack they refused to cancel. They told you should ve cancelled in howrah. Finally my fingers crossed.   
 We have book our ticker in ltt haridwar sup express train no 12171 from nsk to ndls its shedule time was 11:00 am but firstly we were inform that it is runinng late by 3.5 hour than we were told that it further 2:00hour late & will reach the nasik at 4:30 now i want strict action against this delay and my compansation as due to this we hav to paid extra to hotel also i have to cancel my important meeting.   
 Sir, What kind is service is this?Is this a jock that we r travelling with hwh-puri satabdi express??? It is just a "bail gari"The train has delaied at starting point for 2:35 hrs and now it is paused before cuttack station for 1hrs. Dnt know when will reach puri station. I am having this journey with my family including 4 senior citizen among them. Either u guys dnt run this sort of trains or declare it as cancelled. If u dnt have some common sense during this durga puja days. One more suggestion is all ur officer ranks belongs to upsc cadre but the services seems to be below category now a days. Make it privatization or plz back 50% fair to the passengers account from their salary?   
 Respected sir..I'm also in railway employer today i journey jam-khambhalia to jamnagar in okha bhavnagar fast passengers train. But when i seat in 2nd class couch then tte shree salim bed behaving and insult me in front of all people. Then told me go and seat local coach.. But sir i have railway passes regular (2nd class reservation) Tte salim very baldly insult me in every front of people. Dear respects sir please i'm very shamfull for all this bed behaving from tte salim rajkot division rajkot gujarat.Sir please help me..   
 I booked ticket (Pnr no: - [protected]) from alleppey to bangaluru cantt but by mistake i got down at bangaluru city at 9am 24th september 2017. At platform number 1 exit. Railway staff hold me and asked for 880 rs as fine, when i raised concern they gave me an excess fare slip (No. 15, 730712) of 600 rs from bwt to sbc station which is wrong. When i raised concern that they are giving wrong slip they started misbehaving and threatened me about putting me behind bars.   
 Sir, Pnr [protected] ticket was wait listed for journey date 25.9.17.Cancellation rules for wait listed tickets is half an hour before departure. My question is how a passenger without arranging any substitute options to reach their destination, going to the railway station for cancellation a waiting ticket? It's only a massive harassment and intention to monetary loss of passenger. My second question is, if we cancel waiting ticket as per rule i. E before half an hour of train departs, what kind of benefit got indian railway or what should change in seating arrangements of that train or something else? Its not a matter of jokes... Because huge monetary losses we have faced.   
 We booked ticket on 16th june 2017 for traveling from jaipur to allahabad on date of journey 23th june 2017 in the train no. 12404/ jp ald express. The train was cancelled its entire journey on the said journey (23.6.2017) might be due to farmers' agitation as displayed and announced at jaipur jn. The station master informed us that the amount of ticket will be refunded (Credited) in our account as ticket was booked through irctc e-ticketing. We are sorry to inform you that after making all efforts (Mailing irctc, railway board and ministry) we have not received the refund amount till date. The irctc is saying that they don't have any official information from railway about the cancellation of train 12404 dated on 23/6/2017. It is surprising that the cancellation of train has not been endorsed to irctc and consumers are unable to get hard earned money refunded. The description of the ticket is as follows:Transaction id : [protected] pnr no. [protected] train 12404Date of journey and boarding: 23/6/2017 class: second ac ticket type: e-ticketNo. Of passenger: four amount of ticket: rs 6360.0   
 I booked a ticket in a special train from secunderabad to howrah train no:07182 up to visakhapatnam my pnr no:[protected] dt:25/09/2017. Scheduled time was at 21:40 hrs but the train was late by 5 hrs and started from secunderabad at 2:30am. I waited up to 1:30 am and went to cancel the ticket but the booking person denied to cancel the ticket as the train is already scheduled.in the regard i went to meet any authorize person at the station, to my surprise no one was present at the office. I am writing this complaint because i have some points from where we can get justice or answers.My points: — 1. Why was the train late by 5 hrs when it is starting form same station.2. Why was no authorize person available at that time to answer.3. Why was my ticket not cancelled and got refund.4. At 11:45 pm bogies of the train were getting repaired at yard. When the train is scheduled at 9:40 pm.Please look into the matter and do the things needful.Regards, Md. FerozMob:[protected]Address:flat no:g1, Sree venkateswara resiency, Road no:4Anjenaya nagar, Moosapet, Hyderabad-500018   
 I in gaya junction was inquiring about a train as the train was late. I asked twice after an hour, the employee miss behaved with me. According to him i am a mentally affected person and even he used several slangs. And when i came to register my complaint, the complaint receiver has not received my written complaint and even threatened me that he will give me to rpf. And when he came to know that i am not from gaya he even used to sout on me to get out of the compartment. The exact time was 07:22. Its a request to revert to this complaint.   
 (W/er/hwh/000267403 this my previous complaint number in which i have complaint for unusual late of train no 12331 & 12332 but reply came for train no 12322 & 12321 this proves that indian railway is irresponsibble from their duty and it is proves that today 12331 is also going to be late thank you indian railway we are used to this types of behaviours i think i have to go to consumer court now) pls see in this matter   
 I am going in mas-snc express.. It was 5 hour late in the boarding station chennai central and after that now it's moving like a local train. It is taking too many halts and no cateerer systems i haven't seen till now. I need go to kharagpur in time but i don't think it can be arrived there even after 10 hour of my sheduled time.. Indian railway in such a worst condition i can't imagine also   
 I traveled by 12860 HWH - CSTM Geetanjali Express vide PNR NO [protected] from HWH to CSTN Dated 17th Sept . The super fast train was not cleaned right from Hwh to CSTM !! After sending SMS by one co passenger, the B2 Coach ( Where I was travelling) got cleaned. The vestibule corridor and the coaches were too dirty all the way.. The waste box was not getting cleaned . Are we paying so many taxes to the Government to see all filthiest? There was no safaiwala all through out the journey. Is it the way to trouble the passengers?   
 Ticket details:Transaction id [protected]Pnr no [protected]Train no 15602Date of journey 05/10/2017The ticket was booked online thro irctc website.The railway site says processing of refund will start immediately on cancellation of train with effect from 1-7-2015.Since a week over the train has been cancelled. No refund action initiated for online booking. By email a rule has been sent where the officer does not know whether the train has been fully cancelled partially cancelled.in the site indianrailways. Govt.in it has been displayed that the train has been cancelled. But in irctc.gov.in no such mention has been made. Now the official sites the rule that the passenger who has booked the ticket online should visit in person to the railway station fill up the tdr form and submit. The money will be credited to the bank account of the passenger. The window is 72 hours from the time of the departure of the train. The question is when tickets can be booked online why refund for cancelled train a passenger has to visit the railway station in person? Is it not a harassment?   
 Immence pain i have gone through while travelling in train no1233 from howra t jammu dt 23-9-17. I started my journey from howarah junction on dt 23-9-17 in train no 12331. As per schedule it was expected to start at 1155 pm dt23-9 & reach jammu on 25-9 by 1235pm. The time i am writing my immence pain & torture i have gone trrough wile travelling in this train for the first & last time it has just reached sahranpur & it is 8-45pm dt 25-9.17. The train is already 16hours late. The way this train is plying it is expected to reach jammu on 26-9 at about 5 00am.  Mr railway minister & top raiway executives you will not understand this pain because you people being born with silver spoon have never gone through such circumstances. & that is the reason you have never tried to correct it.  I am travelling in sleeper class s12 coach & my seat no is 32 su. For the last 44hours i am confined to my side upper birth. Because some other persons have occupied my seat. & have not vacated the same instead of my repeated requests. I have not seen any railway tt or any railway person since i boarded this train on 23-9-17.. The condition of reserved sleeper class is uglier than the general class. There is no fan. It is a very dirty & foul place. There is no railway person to take care of. Pray god that good sense prevails to those who are at the helm of affairs & see what the ordinary persons go through. & the corruption & nepotism they face at each & every place.. Pl fix the responsibility & try to set the things right. Bring punctuality in the running of trains & make late running trains scrapegoats..  M no [protected]   
 Trainenquiry.com used to give accurate information on atleast the actual arrival / departure timings. But for the past more than one year, some mischievous officials have made fun of this site. What to talk of expected arrival/departure timings, this site is giving erroneous information on actual arrival/departure status /timings. Eg pl check 12011 ndls - kalka sharabdi exp on 25 sept 2017. It showed actual departure from ambala as 10:30, where as the train reached this station at 11:00 and departed at 11:05 and so on for all subsequent stationsThis appears a deliberate move by some rail officials to defame modi govt.Pl order investigation and punish guilty officials   
 Respected sir, I am still travelling in himgiri express (12331) which one has departed on 24 sep 2017 at 0200 hrs from howrah. This train is running late by 15 hours.I had not got confirm seat. I had been rac, b1, 39.The ticket collector of this train has not yet cleared the rac seats of mine and my co passenger. Ticket collector has alloted the vacant seats to some other passengers who were traveling either with general tickets or waiting listed because of some monetary benefits. Just like b1 64 has been given to someone because of tte money making. This is really injustice to me and other co passengers. Even the tte does not understand about humanity that the train is running late by 15 hours and the passengers are in difficulty.Today our government of india is taking about change or making of new india.I should say transformation of india to new india cannot be done if this type of corrupt officials of indian railways are present in our society. It is therefore requested that necessary disciplinary actions be taken against tte.Yours faithfullySidharth priyadarshiPnr [protected]   
 I booked a tatkal ticket in lokshakti express train no. 22928 dated 26/09/2017 for which i was charged 410 rs. Whose base fare is 260 rs, reservation charge is 20 rs., superfast charge is 30 rs. And tatkal charge is 100 rs. Whereas in general quota base fare is 160 rs., reservation charge is 20 rs., and superfast charge is 30 rs. Which amounts to 210 rupees total.So why am i charged 100 rs extra as base fare in tatkal?   
 As per the railway notification, senior citizens have to get their aadhaar status verified. I have tried it several times and also complained 2-3 times at the relevant e-mail id and got complaint ticket id (Latest) as [irctc #5665082]The desired verification (In respect of my wife savitri asawa) has not yet been completed as can be seen from the following master list:S. No.	Name	gender	berth preference	food preference	senior citizen concession	date of birth	id card type	id card no.	Aadhaar status	select1	asawa girdhari lal	male	lb	veg	srctzn	28-sep-1945	aadhaar id	391376437586	verified	 2	savitri asawa	female	lb	veg	srctnw	28-sep-1950	aadhaar id	883465781360	not verified	 Please get the needful done soon.   
 Dear irctc team, I request you to please check, tdr request as train was more than 6 hours late at agra fort station on 15 sept 2017 and after waiting for 4 hours i have filled tdr request as i have not travelled in that train. Stipulated time limit of 2 hour applies when train is on time. Since after 2 hours at 1:30pm from its scheduled departure time of 11:35 its shows only 2 hours delay that could we have travelled but wen its shows for more 6 hours delay i can't travel and file tdr. I request to please check history of train timing on that day, consider my request for refund on expection. Or forward this to senior escalation team. Its just not matter of refund its high level of inconvenience cost due share negligence will report to consumer forum as well.I have attached screenshot of my tdrRegardsVirendra singhPnr : [protected]Irctc reply *dear customer, * The tdr filed against pnr number [protected] with reason train late More than three hours and passenger not travelled. Has been Repudiated by system as per the indian railways refund rules https://www.services.irctc.co.in/betaDoc/Amendments_RefundRules_2406.pdf Reason for repudiation/rejection: null. Please note that the decision about the amount of refund or Rejection of claim is taken by system as per extant refund rules Of indian railways and not by irctc. The status is also available online and found under tdr history. For any assistance please contact our customer care call centre or Mail to care@irctc.co.in. This is an auto generated mail. Please do not reply. —  *with regards,  Customer care, irctc   
 Hello sir, i am a regular traveler between delhi to azamgarh route with train no. 12225/12226. This train is marked by indian railway as super fast and we are paying super fast charges for it.Beside that it is always getting late. Few time my exam is also left. Railway employees are getting paid for train late as overtime but as a passenger we have to lost our time and exams.Few time train are stopped on unknown station where there is no stoppage. Also, there could be chances that railways/train person delaying train due to overtime charges.So, i want some action on it and if train are getting late from respective time schedule then either railways employees should not paid for overtime or passengers must get its penalty.Thanks   
 Train no 12331 & 12332 is running continously late. We are very much depended on this train and tommorow we have a ticket to jammu tawi pnr no [protected] as i am track this train 12332 is running 6 hr late and i also know that tommorow it is going to be late from hwh (12331) so i request to kindly see in this matter and take some action to make it right time   
 (1) there is no special arrangement for over 75 years old handicap persons.  (2) there is only one room allocate for 3 persons, 4 persons and same room for 6 persons.  (3) gujarati cooking staff/catering must required. (4) there is no punctuality in time. We were grudgingly stay at puna railway station from 1:00 am to 3:30 am in some bad condition. (5) transportation has very poor quality. When we were travelling in bus, rain was following in the bus.  (6) all over we are not happy with over all performance.  (7) tourist has many problems regarding services.Hiralal n. Vadher M: +91-[protected]Email: garvilvadher72925@gmail.comTour conformation number: [protected]Transaction id: [protected]   
 Sir, Mobile charging point of coach number s11, birth number 12, train number 12296 is not working. My pnr number is [protected]. Date of journey is[protected]. We crossed katni station nearly 30 minutes before. We are facing problems to charge our mobile. For this we are wondering here and there. Please send the maintenance team as soon as it is possible.Thanks   
 I have been travelling on 24th sept 2017 night boarding from howrah to patna. My bag which contain expensive things including laptop, camera have been stolen in lakhisarai station. Please do something urgently as it has some very valuable things of mine i urgently need. Please sir resolve this as soon as possible as it will affect my job. The laptop has all the elements and confidential details.   
 What's wrong with indian railways? There is nothing called value of time!!! I am boarding a so called "special" train (Hwh bnc sf spl / 06532) from howrah station which is suppose to take me to bengaluru, departing at 1:00 a. M. It's 1:40 a. M. Right now and i'm already sweating. As already the humidity today in kolkata is so high and they have kept the a/c and fan everything shut!!! On top of that the train is late. They say there is a technician who'll arrive (God knows when). The sad part is there are patients who travel to the south in order to get themselves treated and this is what they get in return. High payment for a. C. Coach and poor us we get such a great and timely service (Sarcasm though) i kindly request you to take the note and fix the problem as soon as possible! Value "us", value "time"!! It's we because of whom you are getting all your revenues and this is how you treat us??? This is one of the reason we'll never be a successful country!!!   
 Sir  I am satish kushwaha travillaing in 14163 sangam exp on 23 sep from kanpur central to tundla jn for appear in up pcs exam but train late more thsn 07 hrs to reach tundla jn due to this i loss a chance to appear in up pcs exam.Sir i want to know the reasion why train late so much time in a short distance.Train take more than one hrs in firozabad stn, in the view of above i requested to check the matter why train become so much late for help us and regard me.   
 Pnr no. [protected] from ghy to ndls in train no. 12423 rajdhani express on 24/09/2017 through railway counter naharlagun, arunachal pradesh but the status of bearth transferred to abadh assam 15909 on 25/09/2017 without any prior information and however, i have not opted any vikalp option while booking. I have to get down with my family at new bongaigaon station.   
 Was shocked to know that there was no track for wheel chair on tracks at valsad station in gujarat. We alighted on platform no 2 but my father couldn't climb stairs we had to get wheel chair from platform number one... Which was lifted on shoulders of four people to cross tracks.. Amazing the thing which costs almost nothing was also missing thereRailway can at least make road type crossings or something else for disabled or old people   
 Dear sir, Tc asking money. My ticket is conform, mere pass id card bhi hai maine mere saath 4 ticket nikala tha baki log ke pass id proof nahi hai isliye tc bolta hai 200 hundred do muje. Date 23/09/2017 mumbai to lucknow ki trean hai. Mumbai se nashik tak parishan kiya muje ye s11 me seat no 72 67, 69, 66 hai pantry me lake gaya muje or boola paise do please ye tc aap ko pata hoga use karbhai karo.   
 I travel lludhiana to rohtak my pnr [protected] on dated 23/09/2017 i very surprised when i received evening tea kit which provides tea snaks samosa in a lokel empty envelop derty types. When i opened i surprised, which added potato not clean outer layer also added on it i take a picks also. Let me know Indian railway food section what's types of given service in shatabadi express Same time i call to service providers But your executive provide me snaks Eg samosa is totally inhigine with out clean along with layer present I take a photo also I pay rs 250/ for the same Its for your kind notice If any one involving take action against him Dr surinder wadhwa Rohtak [protected]   
 SirI am now travelling by train no. 22634 nizamuddin tvc express. Yesterday night at about 2.30 am when we were travelling between bharatpur jn and saway madhopur, i and my friend midhun lost our mobiles along with six other passengers. Kindly take immediate action. The mobile numbers are [protected] under my name and [protected] under the name of nikhil k p. I am returning home by the train and has left vadodara station gujarat. One more fellow passenger's mobile (Amal shankar-[protected]. Pnr no.[protected]). Our pnr no. S are [protected], [protected], [protected], [protected], [protected], [protected] (Two faculty and 38 students). Our ttr had not come and no rpf personal has come till now in our compartments (S4 and s3). We contacted railway helpline and got direction to file a complaint at rpf kannur station. But it will be late we think. We will provide more information if required. Our faculty's contacts are given below.Sailesh. R apme, gce kannur -[protected].Shaji k c, trade instructor - [protected], [protected].Hoping for prompt action.Midhun mohanS7 meGce kannurParassinikkadavu poKannur 670563.   
 I have reserved train from cbe to daund on sep 23 train number 11014. Train departure time as per schedule 8.45 am but the train delayed up to 5.30 pm with different reasons. Railway department didn't notify to passengers. Old age peoples, kids and most of passengers suffered for a full day with out food, accommodation etc.Kindly address this and make sure that railways is for the people.   
 On 22/09 i was traveling by 12321 mumbai mail from hwh to gaya.in dhanbad station when train start a unknown person who was wondering without ticket in coach s9 infront of tt and rpf snached my wife purse where she has a gold jewelry of rs.30000 a mobile of 7000 and a pan card debit card passbook of arpana kumari central bank and a bank of india. More than 10 people was wondering but tt and police taking only 100rs. Each and left them. One of them did it in dhanbad. I lost my about 50000 rs.in all. Plz help me s9 seat no 72.   
 I had parcel my bedding and books in single parcel from gwalior (Mp) indian railway parcel service on 23 aug 2017 with prr no. [protected] (Pwb/sdl-shahdol) for delivering in shahdol (Mp) but till now (More than 1 month) parcel had not been delivered., and there is no correct information where is my parcel.. And parcel is missing. No information from gwalior or shahdol... Plz help   
 Rsp sir  My pnr no [protected] alipurduar (Noq) to guwahati doj20 09.2017.Train name saraighat express. Departure time is 04.35 am. When i ask enquiry staff about this train status. Enq staff reply no message received from control room. After an hour when i ask enq staff they replied sir train is diverted to gopalanj stn new alipur stn will not touch. It is nothing but a mental torture to passenger. There is no announcement regarding diversion of train. When i ask drm over mobile he was answer less. Railway services detonating day by day. We are expecting railway services will improve today or tomorrow. But personally i fell this type of irresponsible staff will causes public harassment & public will face no of accident. Rgds alok dasgupta. Alokpgd@gmail.com. [protected] baroda gujarat   
 We booked ticket on 16th june 2017 for traveling from jaipur to allahabad on date of journey 23th june 2017 in the train no. 12404/ jp ald express. The train was cancelled for entire journey on the said journey (23.6.2017) might be due to farmers' agitation as displayed and announced at jaipur jn. The station master informed us that the amount of ticket will be refunded (Credited) in our account as ticket was booked through irctc e-ticketing. We are sorry to inform you that we have not received the refund amount till date. The irctc is saying that they don't have any official information from jaipur railway about the cancellation of train 12404 dated on 23/6/2017. It is surprising that the cancellation of train has not been endorsed to irctc and consumers are unable to get money refunded. It seems like a cheating. Kindly order to probe the matter and instruct the person concern to inform about the cancellation of the said train to irctc.The description of the ticket is as follows:Transaction id : [protected] pnr no. [protected] train 12404Date of journey and boarding: 23/6/2017 class: second ac ticket type: e-ticketNo. Of passenger: four amount of ticket: rs 6360.0Kindly look the matter so we can get our hard earned money back..Prof. (Dr.) veeru prakashM. Sc. (Ag. Biochem.); m. Tech. (Biotech.);d. Phil.; f. I. S. A. B.Associate dean (Administration), jibb, shuatsNodal officer, edc, shuats, allahabad+91 [protected]   
 Nirmal biswas							 shakti nagar co-op hsg soct. Iras							5th floor, building no.28, 								Dahisar (E), mumbai 4-00068								Dated 23/9/2017, The chief managerState bank of indiaCentralised pension processing centre, 5th floor, premises no. T 651 t751, itc belapur, belapur rly station complex, Navi mumbai-400601Dear sir/ madam, 		Sub: 7th cpc revised ppo (Pre 2016)		Ref: f. A &cao; (Pension) w. Rlys letter no nil dt 4/8/2017, 		 Old ppo nowr/1018/155028, new ppo no.20137080100001			Branch ifsc no. Sbin0004283, branch pbb churchgate,  Account no. 20134209808Your kind attention is drawn to above referred letter wherein you were instructed to Pay me arrears of pension as well as draw my new pension as under New pension from 01/01/2016 rs 78800.Although three months have elapsed since then, but i am still paid pension at old rate.Kindly look in to the matter and start my pension at new rate and also pay my arrears due.Yours sincerely,  (Nirmal biswas)   
 15960 down kamrup exp Grpf officers pulled all the passengers down who are quite normal after that i was quite happy a bit for few minutes next that of grpf officers took money from public and allow them to enter again on handicap compartment And the compartment is fully packed like a general compartment I am the only handicap in this compartment and 3 of senior citizens are in trouble to be sorted We are in pain plz help us Public says we are here by providing money if you are uncomfortable you may get lost we can't afford place for you   
 My friend are trawelling to katra shri mata vaishnodevi from meghnagar station.Pnr no.:- [protected]There is no water in wash basinThere is no charging point for every seat, no botel stand and no table for daining for every seat.Its long route sir almost 30 hours how can they manage very bad and poor service by railway.Mata ke bhkto ke sath aesa behave very badPls help [protected]   
 I vipin k mishra, booked ticket from suvidha expree{mumbai cst to cheoki} for 22 september, 2017. I got 2 lower confirm birth under coach s 8. On 21 september, 2017, i got message that coach s8 cancelled and today on 22 september, i got again message that my revised birth on s5 qnd that is also rac. I paid 3850 rs for sleepers and even a after confirm, its being revised and make it rac in suvidha express... Is this suvidha in modi government... Its cheat and fraud... And totally unsuvidha   
 Dear sir/mam, I am travelling from amritsar to mumbai. When our train reached to kota jn, we purchased some milk products and mineral water from saras milk parlour m/s baghwati singh chouhan, but shocking we came to know that he is charging extra money for all products with retail price inclusive of all taxes. If railway authority is allowing them to open their shops at platform. Why they couldn't able to control extra rates they are taking from each customer. Please do the needful and control this kind of wrong practices.   
 Very poor cleanliness in rajkot railway station which also smelling badly and chances of bacteria spreading is very high due to that people will get affected, photo proof taken on 21-09-2017. Even though chagres collected from public including cleaning activities it was not done properly.We are really sad in country we speaking about swatch bharath but not following it.   
 I have booked my parcel no-251705 (Toy car for my child) from calicut to itarsi on 28-08-2017. After several followups till date parcel has not arrived. The parcel officer at itarsi station told me that it will arrive after two days. Still now not arrived. He gave me his mobile number, but he is not lifting my calls. He told me that the parcel has went to delhi. To whom i should contact for the details. I am not able to track it on online.Please help me in this regard.   
 I was travelling from sri ganganagar to delhi by 12456 train reached in time at shakurbasti station and schedule arrlival was 7.20 am in morning. From shakarpur train took 1hr 45 minutes to reach sarairohila which is just 6.8 km.Moreover the online status was showing that train reached on time I had to attend an important meeting and i have been issued an explanation callInfact all passangers were telling that its normal practice. This is the status of your superfast train.My pnr no. :[protected] train no. / name : 12456 / bkn dee sf expDate of booking : 18-sep-2017class : second acquota : general Date of journey : 20-sep-2017from : sgnrto : deeBoarding at : sgnrdate of boarding : 20-sep-2017 reservation up to :dee   
 Dear concern, I vinnu sidhana had booked one ticket from pathankot to allahabad dated on[protected] in waiting list but seven days back its showing rac status. But from yesterday its again showing waiting list. Kindly check that what is the issue behind it. My pnr is[protected]. And i am very much sure that my rac converted to waiting list. How come its again change the status to waiting from rac.RgdsVinnu sidhana[protected]   
 Hi sir/madam,  I am sarika. I have booked online ticket on 10/9/2017 but my ticket was waiting list so ticket will cancelled. I get a message your cancellation refund on 3days, but still more than week i didnot get money. This my transaction id : 	[protected]	pnr no. :	[protected]	train no. / name : 	12791 / sc dnr express. So please refund money as well soon. Than you sir/madam.   
 Dear sir, On behalf of the hundreds of daily commuters i, debjyoti mukherjee, would like to bring to your kind attention to the fact that running of all the local trains especially in after 7 pm stating from howrah on main line (Specially tarakeswar local) has become habitually irregular. I would, therefore, request you to look into the matter personally and take remedial measures to enforce timely running of local trains so that the daily commuters of this place have not to face any inconvenience in future   
 Pnr no. [protected], 2s from pnbe to jsme by train no. 12024, patna hwh janshatabdi express. Get reservation for 03/10/2017, seat allotted is dr1/90. Whereas, in dr1 and dr2 seats available are upto 82 only. It is a consistent problem. Complaint regarding this has been made earlier also but no corrective measure has been taken till now. Change the seat presently and take care for future.It is a permanent problem and create a lot of uncomfortability during journey especially with family. Is railway have no solution to incorporate exact seat allotment with variable nos.in different coach?   
 Dear sir and madam. My self ajay sethi. R8 now i am the passenger of 12849. Bhubaneswar exp. My seat no s7 55 rac. This train pentry car person is miss behaving and. They are selling wine liquids in n8 time in this train. So many people disturbing for this so kindly take action about this matter. Yours fathfull indianMob-[protected]   
 Was travelling on 5th of august '17 from new delhi to lucknow via farraka express train no 13414 coach a1, seat no 17.The train started at 10 :00 pm and in 2nd ac coach all tea, water food vendors were coming inside to sell. I objected that in 2 ac this is not allowed to the coach attendant but it was unheard. I slept and kept my handbag and laptop bag beside me. But early morning before reaching lucknow i found my handbag was missing.It had cash, mobile phone, id cards, bank cards. (Loss of 30000 to 40000)I called the attendent and tt who were clue less that any one had come inside and stolen.in fact a south indian lady infront of my seat said that early morning at 5 :00 am a man came and was searching near every one seat when she asked he said i am the "coach attendant". She considering his words did not paid much of importance that he might be there for theft. I believe the theft is done around that time between ethwah and kanpur.Fir is lodged in lucknow which is transferred to etwah grp.Fir no 0412/ 2017 u/s 380 ipc.Its been more than one month but nothing has been found, infact after 5 days my cards were found on kanpur platform and i asked to check cctv footage to see who threw it but nothing done.I am frequent traveller but its so disappointing to see that in 2 ac coach also passenger is not safe. What is the duty of tt and attendent that they cant stop people from comong inside or rather i feel they are part of these theft, I want recovery of my loss from railways and also need to know what is happening in my case.My mail id is n. Verma1109@gmail.comThanks Neha verma   
 Today, i came to howrah station by down antyodaya exp, which arrived on platform no 23 (New complex). Including me, there were many people who planned to catch up 13021 mithila exp (From the old complex) for further journey. There was only one foot over bridge for communicating between new to old complex which is very narrow and not enough to handle such amount of passengers. Sometimes we have to wait for fifteen to twenty munites which leads to train missing. But there was another way to go from new to the old complex via goods yeard (Through sainik armagh) which is enough wide and short distance. Sometimes there are no restrictions for common people, but sometimes rpf does not allow people to use the way by excusing of a restricted area and misbehave with people. Usually, to when we come to this way, rpf doesn't allow us. Then we requested to them that we only have one minute to catch our train but they didn't allow us and misbehave with us. As the result, we all miss our train which caused a big trouble for us. Where they allow dealy passengers easily to go by the way. We want to know why there is no transparent rule for that? And i appeal to the railway board to allow everyone to use the way till a wide way has not constructed. And my suggestion to the rpf, be polite with the passengers.   
 13006 amritsar mail schedule dep. On 19.09.17 actually departed from amritsar after 12 hours i. E. On 20.09.17 after 6am. The same train departed from howrah on 17th 12 hour late and reached amritsar 12hr late. This series of train both in up n down makes 12hr late for last two weeks. Why not make arrangements to run one spare train at schedule right time from both sides i. E. Howrah and amritsar immediately to break the chain of inordinate delay.   
 Dear sir,  I am a middle class person. My name vikas dixit now i am traveling from chennai to mangalore by mangalore mail (Coach no. S9).Sir already 1 hour over still no one tc came to my coach to check my ticket. Some other localities person sitting in my seat. I paid money for reservation of my seat but i am helpless. Kindle help me out.   
 I, shantilal satra from mumbai, booked tatkal tickets from bhachau to borivali for my parents, 75 and 72 years old. But i got both upper birth for them, as i clearly mention lower birth. Railway have to understand that, in this age my parents not able to use that upper births. So kindly request to do the needful as earliest.Regards, Shantilal satra [protected]   
 My steel box containig house hold goods from ahmednagar to babina booked vide booking luggage ticket no a816367 dt 24 aug 17. The same has not been received from babina station till date. I am not getting any satisfactory reply from babinastation authorities. Needful action isrequested for early delivaryVinod pvMob no 07560963958, 07066232948   
 It has been observed that since last one year and so in almost alll trains sleeper class is always occupied by unauthorised person who are not having reservation but occupying other persons berth and using toilets etc. It is disgusting now a days to travel by sleeper class which was not so in the recent past. The railway tte and railway police are probably hand in gloves and minting money helping this nefarious activity in allowing to board unauthorised persons onboard sleeper class.   
 I take a ticke for my father from patna to delhi. Train has not come according to time schedule whose timmimg schedule and ticket in show in pic.Train patna to delhi reach in time 11.50 am date 19-09-2017 in ticket.I take a ticket 17.30 pm delhi to jodhpurBut train is not come in (Patna to delhi train) delhi. Both train timming schedule gap is more than 4 hours my father saying me i have reached in average 18.30 pm in delhi stationThose region my ticket is useless so what will i do   
 With subject to above, it is to say that myself rajnish mishra, residing at chachai, anuppur, was to travel to new delhi from katni railway station on 16/09/2017 by train jabalpur nizamuddin superfast express (Train no.22181) and hence was waiting for train at 1st class waiting room of katni railway station an there i had put my jiofi 4g - wi-fi device router (Containg a jio sim no. [protected]) at the charging point lying on the right hand on just entering to the 1st class waiting room of katni railway station. 	But as the train came on platform for which i was waiting for, i got into the train by forgetting about my jiofi 4g - wi-fi device router along with its charger which i remembered about on leaving of the train from platform. Thenafter i sent one knowing person also after about two hours of leaving of the train to search for the jiofi 4g - wi-fi device router but he didn’t find the same at that place where i had applied my device for charging and hence i lost my jiofi 4g - wi-fi device router alongwith sim no.[protected] and its charger. On dated 16/09/17, i had also filed a complaint of loss on twitter but found no action therefrom, the screenshot of the complaint filed is attached herewith. The copy of ticket (Pnr-[protected]) through which i was travelling on 16/09/17 to new delhiHence if the rpf, katni has found the device then it may please be intimated to me on following details:	Name: rajnish mishra.	Mob no: [protected]Address: nc 147, atps, mppgcl, chachai, anuppur - 484220. M. P. (Rajnish mishra)Mob no.[protected]   
 Dear sir, While travelling in una himachal express (14555) from hapur to delhi in ac 2 tier on 19 sept. 017 In and some other passenger were also standing at the coach gate as the old delhi railway station was about to arrive.Then suddenly an unidentified person came near the mall warehouse, he swooped on my pocket and ran away with my money from around 16, 000 to 17000 and other required papers. He made a lot of noise but because of the night he ran away. Tt after landing the train he got acquainted with the all the incident but he did not say anything to me, he said, now he will do it. I told you to give me any paper and write your own complaint, r. P. F. And g. R. P. I will give it to you. But no one has taken my compliance and no one helped me. Sar i am a senior citizen person, this incident has hurt me very much.in which i am very scared. I requesting you to do proper action in the said subject. You will be very crappy.Jamaluddin saifi09599316795Train no.: 14555Name: - himachal expressTime: - 10:30   
 Dear sir, I am calling in your customer care number since one week but no one is responding my call. I called in those number which was given by your website.So please tell me in which number i should call and will get respond from you.I would like to know about the train number 12436 in which date it will start running. Please tell me about itYour reply will be highly appreciated   
 I am a frequent traveller between rasipuram and tirunelveli comoning under southern railway, [ rasipuram (Rasp) falls under salem zone]. I used to travel through train no.:17235, which arrives at raspat 22.45 hrs and leaves at 22.46 hrs (Scheduled time)The problem is the doors for all the reserved compartments are invariably locked inside. The reason given by the conductors is safety of passengers luggage during night hours. Good reason and acceptablr. But how the passengers waiting for the train to get in.? No answer from them.The ttes knows from the chart they have, which are all the compartment the passengers are due to entrain, and keep the doors of those compartment open at the arriving time. The halting duration is just one minuite and with in this short period the passenger with their luggae has to get in. The condition of aged people is still worst. I feel the ttes are the man problem of this complaint.Kindlly ensure a system for the waiting passengers to comfortably get in to the tarin.P. ParamasivanRasipuram  
 Dear sir, With due respect, i pooja singh was booked ticket dated on 11/09/2017 from haridwar to varanasi and train no.12370 with transaction id. 100000972956535 and tansaction id 100000972956554 failed and amount rs. 425 and rs. 425 debited from my sbi and canara bank a/c still not credited. Kindly consider my queries and refund my amount as soon as possible. Thanking you   
 Your reply against my complaint is not satisfactory. When a train is running continuously late. It should be examined by the officer responsible for this. It should be checked from the office record. Should l give you day to day statement of the train no.14853, 14863 and 14865? You should get it from your office. Please do not ignore and neglect my complaint by saying it is bit short.   
 Sir my name is shakti shah and i am in godan exp no 11056 in coach b1 at seat no 59. Train just started from its originating station gorakhpur and still toilet is not clean. Why it so. If someone complain, it should be in between bt i have to complain from bigning place it is very bad. I know when i will complain then someone would come and clean it bt why it is so.   
 I am engineering student studying at chennai. I boarded a train from visakhapatnam on 18th september 2017 in howrah - mas mail sf express (12839) in a 2 tier ac coach. I thought my journey would be peaceful until i discovered bed bugs crawling on curtains and lying inside carpets. I had no sleep at all that night and when i came to complain about this to the cleaner and carpet man they refused to respond and instead they were asking for money, they also even refused to tell where the ticket collector was, they were not all bothered that too in a 2 tier ac coach. Irctc charged me rs 2065 for payment of ticket and i was happy at beginning that i was going to board 2 tier ac for the first time. I sincerely request you to take immediate action on this, i would also like to have a refund. The impact of bed bugs had a disastrous effect such that i couldn't attend the exam on that day also i was unable to travel in this train due to sudden jerks and worst maintenance. This is the worst journey ever in my life.Details are as follows:Pnr no: [protected]Transaction id: [protected]Date of booking :	16-sep-2017	class :	second ac	quota :	tatkalDate of journey :	18-sep-2017	from :	vskp	to :	masBoarding at :	vskp	date of boarding :	18-sep-2017	reservation up to :	masScheduled departure :	14:10 hrs Regards M komal krishna   